A friend close by is better than family far away.
According to the DBI, Jim is better known than brother John.
1. Momentum - Whether Germany were better than England doesn't matter.
A country like Sweden or Iceland fits the bill much better than Germany.
3. Plots facing North or East are better than those facing South or West.
3 Now, O LORD, take away my life, for it is better for me to die than to live.
1-1 is a lot better than 0-2 when the next two games are at Chicago and Houston.
A free show, flooded with cool brews far better than the Keystone pack chilling at home.
A 37' 6.75 mark on her third attempt was nearly six feet better than the next competitor.
8 launch to the first week of December, though that's better than a late-November estimate .
30 Rock was next doing 5.54 million, better than previous week's special two episodes which did bad.
#7 - We're actually doing a shitload better than most of the boomtowns you see in the west and south.
A draw at home to Norwich was certainly better than the previous season's horror show against Blackpool.
8. Leon Powe....Celtics...the Powe Show at Oakland Tech HS was better than the NBA Warriors at the time.
Aalstar player Chris Copeland "We knew we could perform better than the first game where we were blown away.
5. If the length of the plot in east-west direction is more than that in north-south direction, it is better.
2014 was 100 times better than last year alone and we are looking forward to being part of the show next year.
Actually having BP pay the amount of damages over the next ten years is better then driving them into bankruptcy.
4. We have no reason to complain seeing as how society somehow and in some form treats black people better than whites.
A 4th potential home that ends up not working out is better than not trying and never knowing if your home was "the one".
After Botham, next one is Imran Khan with six hundreds and also 18 half centuries, although he is better bowler than him.
A few studies have found the home-educated to be scoring about the same or a little better than public school students ."
A bad dad on the Shannon Burke show is a hell of a lot better than a good day on The so called Monsters in the Morning show.
ABC will be monitoring ratings on GAA so if they are better than GH then that show could cause GH to be cancelled next year.
3. It's filter life is supposed to be better than many other products, meaning lesser running cost (of cartridge replacement).
A former high level City department head gave Burke the nickname, Lex Luther of Superman fame, which is better than oily eddie.
6-13-70 is a joyous, high-energy show, perhaps the earliest tape where the audience recording sounds better than the soundboard!
Add in the fact that there wasn't as many recaps as there are normally, and this week honestly felt better than the averages show.
407 gation may be stretched till it is no better than a brand of slavery stamped on us when we were too young to know its meaning.
3. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Dawn is the next entry in the "sequels that are better than their already good predecessors" cannon.
a boring show with a good fight at the end is better then a made up story where the fighters are upset with lies and misleading truths.
1) I believe there are much smaller countries like Hungary and Germany that seem to do much better than Canada in the medals department.
2. Neuropathy is a dynamic condition, somedays are better than others, so you might feel "cured" one day and rush to the ER the next one.
#3 - Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas While based on the TV show Good Luck Charlie, this is actually much better than the crossover show.
Absolutely love the stuff, much better than the rubberized coating for floors, top and bottem, inside fenders, anything that doesn't show.
7. Under the Bridge by Red Hot Chili Peppers Better than "Give it Away" and I ain't the only one who thinks so judging from previous lists.
Abigail grinned at her potion as it was a shade off from Theodores, and much better than Susan Bone's brown bubbling potion on the next desk.
15 minutes a week is much better than spending hours a month truing to put things in a pile of 'What to throw away' and 'What to keep' piles.
3. Two master degrees (an M.Div and an M.A in Philosophy) from Roman Catholic institutions say I do understand Thomas a lot better than you do.
"A Firing Line Debate: Resolved: That the Republican Party Is Better Able to Run the Country for the Next Four Years than the Democratic Party"
1979 "When A Stranger Calls" Much Better Than 2006 Remake We were scared stiff by the 1979 original version of this movie , a great horror film.
According to the report, Germany and Sweden fare better than their neighbours in protecting the sea, with 36 points each out of a maximum of 79.
2) Dalembert didn't show anything (i.e., "potential") to be better than Haywood during their first 4 yrs (i.e., time for the 2nd contract) either.
02/26/2013 - mark This place is ran by very nice people and the food is much better than the fast food joints that are next door to their location.
3.k price you can look at vodafone 858 smart or mts mtag (cdma) ...which are far better than this phone...Dont buy promblems...a humble request...:)
2 - stealth is not much use, it is better to just run away, it is rarely possible to get past them without get close enough that they will detect you
4. after finishing the remaining balance of photon, i;ll switch to bsnl, which is better i heard. 5. when the plans are in MB why they show us in KB.
1) The outtakes were treated quite well on the FTD, in my opinion, better than the masters, so it's still the best place for the collectors in us all.
2. Alien (Ridley Scott) - The vision of Scott was absolutely genius, and the film still holds up better than most science fiction/horror films of today.
A blunt, low-mass bullet would lose velocity and momentum rapidly, and about 25 yards out, the paper ballistics wouldn't be a whole lot better than a .22
$50 today is a lot better than a promise of $100 some time off in the future, especially when attorneys fees are eating away at that hundred dollar value.
Adam Lambert still did better than Kris Allen after the show, David Archuleta did well with "Crush," and Crystal sold more than Lee(although not by much).
05:34, 05:45 BP: Remember what General George S. Patton said, "A good plan violently executed today, is far and away better than a perfect plan tomorrow."
558354 summed it up for me when he/she said "the reality for some survivors is just this: death is better than the vile degradation known as medical care."
2.41pm: "It's common thing to say that Premier League this season was not just more prolific but also better than the 2010-11 edition," writes Admir Pajic.
18. Wake Me Up When September Ends - it was obvious how much passion was put into song, by everbody in the band, and about 3x better than the album verson.
(225 school days) However, to find the answer to why kids from South Korea test better than our kids, the comparison cannot be limited to length of school.
1to1: You mention Learned Hand's theory that a multitude of voices is better for society than one authoritative selection in seeking the right conclusions.
A free trial, demo, or anything that allows people to experience first hand that you're telling the truth takes away doubt better than almost anything else.
3 forwards are better than 2. Just because one of our guys hasn't found the net in a few games, doesn't mean he won't pop up and have a scorcher in the next.
According to the S-man, the rest of the world (aka Windows users) are no better than a swarm of crack heads, wandering the corners looking for our next re-up.
