[8] I think Gardner as an every day player is going to be awful this year, and I think unless we find someone markedly better than him, none of the fringey bench players we're looking at as a complement will take away very much playing time from him.
Ad-libbing almost throughout, the actors and director Reiner (here playing documentary maker Marty Di Bergi, who introduces himself as a filmmaker who makes a lot of commercials) come up with imminently quotable gold throughout the film, not to mention the hilarious songs that are ironically often better than the many genres they massacre.
abt singing talent ..if this show goes like this next time nobody is going to watch this ..voting system should b taken off..else just select some popular persons and start voting .....Sony mind it u got more than wat u want ..but next time its going to b flopppp..Amit u r the real Idol..u r my idol..Prasanth sorry ..there is nothing personal..talent vise amit is better than u..
6) Despite the incessant insanity the last week and a half of Draft and free-agent talk has brought to my life, with dealing with all of the people who lie, or don't call you back, or even return a simple text, it is better -- by a factor in the quadrillions -- than standing in a lobby of a hotel in New York City, waiting to hear the latest reason why owners and players couldn't figure out an equitable way to split $4 billion.
A blunt, low-mass bullet would lose velocity and momentum rapidly, and about 25 yards out, the paper ballistics wouldn't be a whole lot better than a .22
After I get Epic Fantasy Roleplaying published I will turn my attention to getting some kind of source material for it to show off how it can distill detail better than D&D or GURPS.
After a sad night for Jordyn Wieber on Sunday, when she failed to make into the individual all-around finale, she was back and better than ever today, along with her teammates: Aly Raisman , Gabby Douglas , Kyla Ross and McKayla Maroney .
After I made a speech last fall as part of the Bush School Speaker Series, several faculty members said to a colleague that they were shocked to hear my conservative views and that I should have known better than to express such opinions from listening to the rest of the faculty in the lunch room."
1. Arrested Development (Fox, 2003 - 2006) - "Even if this is indeed the end for one of Fox's all time greatest shows, it is better to have loved and lost...oh, the hell with that, Fox is freaking nuts if they cancel this show."
2 Samuel 18:3 But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die , will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city.
2. That recovery for the communities and coasts slammed by Sandy is taking hold - and taking steps to make what is rebuilt to be better than what was blown down or washed away.
1) Kids who are over-dramatic about punishments (such as "no candy") and 2) Adults who thinks they they are automatically better than kids because of age, and turn away from things they see as "childish".
After her recent reality show with her brother Ray J, Brandy is letting the music industry and the world know that she is back and better than ever.
Abhijeet is better known as the winner of Indian Idol 1 while Rucha Gujrati is better known as a television actress with roles in TV shows Bhabhi and Kkusum.
8 launch to the first week of December, though that's better than a late-November estimate .
AB, Ed, Amir & Gray are all currently better than Val and the only way he sees the court is if BC makes Casey play him because he won't beat out the aforementioned for playing time next season.
6. Space Ghost - Nothing better than getting way too high and watching this show- Space Ghost is probably the best talk show host ever, rivaled only by Conan O'Brien and maybe Johnny Carson.
3) Edwards will see alot of action not just in the south but in the Midwest and rustbelt, where his more folksy charm and background will go over better than the aristocratic Kerry.
3 Now, O Lord , take away my life, for it is better for me to die than to live." 4 But the Lord replied, "Have you any right to be angry?" 5 Jonah went out and sat down at a place east of the city.
3. When they were showing their love to Christ by their grieving to think of his departure, and the sorrow which filled their hearts upon the foresight of that, he bids them, if they would show their love to him, do it, not by these weak and feminine passions, but by their conscientious care to perform their trust, and by a universal obedience to his commands; this is better than sacrifice, better than tears.
3) Short Questions Are Better Than Long Ones You probably have about two-minute intervals during which to have a short exchange with the bartender before he or she gets called away by another customer, so now is probably not the time for a long-winded discussion.
According to an Associated Press story, optimism over the better-than-expected U.S. manufacturing for August dissipated amid fears of military action in Syria.
ACS took all our troubles and worries away, from speaking to Daniel for the first time he was very understanding and put our minds to rest, the service is absolutely everything they promise, in fact it is better than promised it delivered and swiftly brought to a conclusion very swiftly.
3 But the people said, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but thou art worth ten thousand of us; therefore now it is better that thou be ready to succor us out of the city.
Add in a better-than-necessary cast led by U.K. actor Richard Fleeshman and Caissie Levy (best known from playing Sheila in the 2009 revival of Hair ), both of whom originated their roles in London, and you have an evening that startles with just how good it is.
7. As for whether or not to wait or take the LSAT now: I think over-preparation is better than under-preparation, so in that respect I would wait for the next cycle if I were feeling uncertain about my all-important LSAT score.
Above ISO 6400 a little chroma noise starts to make itself felt in the greys but overall the image ends up looking better than the Ricoh's result at the same sensitivity.
2.Get there very early and pick you position at the air show carefully, the best spots are usually already set aside for the press only gang but either end of the display area is better than the middle and at the end of the flight line is the best as the reduction in apparent speed with an aircraft flying slightly towards rather than straight across the camera makes keeping on target much easier.
After bargaining, their take could drop to $1. "Our life is hard here, but it's better than in Hunan," says Ma, explaining that his extended family, unable to make ends meet on the limited land assigned to them, had urged him to go to the city.
About 30 + years ago my husband and I were just married and really didn't have much money so we decided we could make a great pizza better than the local chains.
7. Nick Swisher Below (+7) It is hard to say that Swisher had a bad month in August when he was the most productive hitter (4 HR and 13 RBI), but the fact is, the Indians are expecting better than a .242/.338/.402
(4) The controls are better than the regular PSP -- anyone who says otherwise never tried one, or is a NBA star with huge hands, and was probably sad when the original XBox controller design went away.
After all, Andy Rubin is known as the father of Android, and who better than Andy's daddy to announce Gingerbread's availability?
28  - In that context, I can do no better than to quote Advocate General Ruiz-Jarabo Colomer's observation that '[t]rade mark registers cannot simply be repositories for signs hidden away, lying in wait for the moment when an unsuspecting party might attempt to put them to use, only then to be brandished with an intent that is at best speculative': Opinion in Ansul , cited in footnote 13 above, point 42.
About a month away from his 37th birthday, Kidd still grinds it out for 36 minutes per night, hitting the boards (5.2 rpg) better than any point guard in the League and giving it his all on defense (1.9 spg) despite obviously having lost some quickness and lateral movement over time.
1) Academics - Do you have a professor that changed your life, a study group that's also your best friend group, or did you get to know your corner of the library better than anyone else? Show us how you learned at university, no matter the lessons big or small.
1 Kings 21:1-4 NKJV 1 And it came to pass after these things that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard which was in Jezreel, next to the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 2 So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
4. We have no reason to complain seeing as how society somehow and in some form treats black people better than whites.
Actually, I have yet to read of a hunting incident resulting in the hunter even being prosecuted and this is something I actually watch for in the news..... ever since that hunter got away with murdering the young lady in her backyard because she had on white mittens and "she should have known better than to wear white mittens in her own backyard during deer hunting season."And
A few chapters later there are some revelations that become relevant to our story and Amber is better integrated into the book, but it's like the author changes channels once again and the two stories are now somehow meshed together on a new channel: the science fiction Lifetime movie network channel.
A fantastic house in a location you can only dream of.Tornacarry was even better than we imagined.It was so peaceful and remote and perfect if you want to get away from it all.Very lucky with the weat...
2) Um ... I live around 500 meters away from a La Liga stadium ... if I want to see Busquets play I'll take my season ticket and go to the Barcelona game when they come to town ... watch him live, which is better than on tv or on edited YouTube video clips ... and yes, I have seen him play live numerous times and yes I have thought that he was over rated.
After all, if there was a way to do it, Hermione could figure it out better than Ginny, who was hundreds of miles away from Hogwarts and whatever atrocities Umbridge was committing now.
4. It is better to keep away from SEO firms that promise this.
4. Soul Eternal (HP +500) lv4 of this astro show you 2000 HP, for us healing Mage, we need this better than Angelic Wings(Block +216) and Dragon's Breth(Reduce dmg by 3%) 5. Soul of Grace (Disable crit, increase dmg by 5%) Mage act as class of DPS, we dont need crit at all, and rate of crit for mage is low, so this is your first option.
3 But the people said, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou be ready to succour us out of the city.
1. Paper Mario 2. Super Mario 64 3. Donkey Kong 64 4. South Park Rally (many people didn't like this game, but I thought it was amazing! 5. Perfect Dark (I thought this was better than goldoney 007 for some reason, but I still liked 007.
(3) Learn More: When you know your products, the economics of your industry, and your sales prospects better than your wannabe competitors do, you will be able to make more deals faster at their expense.
After G4 purchased TechTV in 2004, it retained X-Play , and even though G4 basically left the show intact, a fate far better than all of TechTV's shows and most of G4's shows received, the show's focus shifted on a frequent basis for the next few years as G4 went through a severe case of Network Decay .
1. Super Card Of Honor 2. Glory By Honor V Night 2 3. Better Than Our Best 4. Manhatten Mayhem 5. Fourth Anniversary Show 6. Fight Of The Century 7. Unified 8.
2nd best ballpark that I've ever been to, next to New Yankee Stadium) 2. Wrigley (been there, better than Fenway, but old Tiger Stadium was better that Wrigley) 3. Minute Maid 4. Busch (haven't been there) 5. Miller (haven't been there) 6. GABP (haven't been there)
A close look at the big picture since the economy began its downward spiral in 2008 reveals that the film and TV sectors have fared better than other parts of media, according to state labor data from California and New York, the main industry hubs.
Actually, the main reason is that I and my photographer will make my second set for SG tommorow and I hope, it will be much better than first and it makes me go pink And another reason is, me and my family... Read More
2) the pain of releasing known murderers, who might still kill again is overwritten by the axiom "it is better to release 1000 guilty men than condemn 1 innocent man to death", and this death is not such an unlikely thing given Ron Arad's fate (google him)
About the best analysis we have seen of the emerging problem just referred to is contained in Frank Ackerman's book Reaganomics (Boston: South End Press, 1982), and we can hardly do better than quote extensively from his analysis.
1) The outtakes were treated quite well on the FTD, in my opinion, better than the masters, so it's still the best place for the collectors in us all.
018:003 But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city.
2) Racism in the south is blatant and real...In the Northeast, they just divide everyone into socio-economic buckets instead...the result is the same...one person thinking they are better than the next.
#2:talk is cheap..show me don't tell me #3no matter how "good" you are there is always someone "better" than you....and no matter how "bad" u r there is always someone worse than you WHAT WAS THE LESSON 4 2DAY?
3. Plots facing North or East are better than those facing South or West.
2008 Kawasaki Ninja 250 R 9100km White/black in colour - Also have complete stock black fairing set for an additional $500 Custom repacked exhaust - sounds better than aftermarket exhausts for this bike Double bubble windscreen Aftermarket air filter Shogun frame sliders Solo seat cover Asking $4000...
2 chapters remaining this month, can't wait, but for some reason i feel the story is better when we don't know who Tobi is.
3. Two master degrees (an M.Div and an M.A in Philosophy) from Roman Catholic institutions say I do understand Thomas a lot better than you do.
9 And if your eye causes you to sin, pluck it out and throw it away; it is better for you to enter life with one eye than with two eyes to be thrown into the hell of fire (Mat 18:8-9).
1. On a Saturday 2. Try to Think About Me (Don't You Worry a Bit) 3. When the Sun Rose Up This Morning 4. My Home Is Nowhere Without You 5. Afternoon Dance Party, An 6. Someone Knows Better Than Me 7. Next Year in Zion 8. Lovers Are Waterproof 9. Baby Is Afraid of Sharks 10.
2005 Jaffurs Santa Barbara County Grenache ($28) Craig Jaffurs is better known for his Syrah, but here he has taken on the other great Rhone grape, and coaxed impressive berry and nutmeg and toasted spice flavors out of his fruit.
2 - stealth is not much use, it is better to just run away, it is rarely possible to get past them without get close enough that they will detect you
10. Have a "scream rock" or punching pillow (sometimes nothing feels better than to take out your frustration and aggression in a physical way but just stay away from people and expensive objects, be sure to keep it short and don't do it in front of anyone.
Admin....would you kindly upload the video of himpunan suara rakyat suara keramat in Penang stadium batu kawan "LIVE" (duration 2 hours ++) in you tube....cause i not finish watch it yet...suddently the video "BLACK OUT" and change to another brief video (duration 5 minutes) which is nothing (the speech is not detail and not clear)....the previous video (duration 2 hours) is better cause the video is recorded at the stage nearest to the speecher.
Adobe Flash : The show was initially animated in a much earlier version of Flash (for the pilot and season 1), since the line quality was much better than the more recent versions.
A 4th potential home that ends up not working out is better than not trying and never knowing if your home was "the one".
Adding portables isn't a great option, but is better than breaking up schools for short term, so long as we move on a real solution right away like opening a neighborhood school.
Across a decade he served dual purpose in double ends... Racing thrill and fun entertainment for his fans,, Race results and brand promotion for his team,, No one except Rossi HAS DONE IT,, IS DOING IT,, WILL DO IT,, for the sport exactly the same or better than him or atleast closer to him... Considering that this sport is not just about racing Rossi is undoubtedly the GOAT...
36 points with 10 games to go is better than we could have ever hoped for, wigan are a good side,we cant expect to get an easy win against them,they have been in premiership longer than us,even if we lose next 10 games and finish 17th then the season was a success, look at qpr they came up as champions and have spent 20 million, our team is made up of league 1 and championship players,we have no right to be demanding a top half finish
1270: French start Seventh crusade against Tunis (Palestine was planned, but Charles thinks Tunis is better - it's certainly closer to his new lands in Italy), which ends in a defeat and king Louis IX's death.
According to the World Health Organization , the island had the lowest infant mortality rate in Latin America, and the 13th-lowest in the world - better than in contemporary France, Belgium, West Germany, Israel, Japan, Austria, Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
9:43  'And if thy hand may cause thee to stumble, cut it off; it is better for thee maimed to enter into the life, than having the two hands, to go away to the gehenna, to the fire -- the unquenchable --
7. Under the Bridge by Red Hot Chili Peppers Better than "Give it Away" and I ain't the only one who thinks so judging from previous lists.
Add dreamy female vocals, piano and cello and, well, it doesn't get any better than this!!! Attn: Blockbuster RomCom Movie or SRO Broadway Show...
"A Firing Line Debate: Resolved: That the Republican Party Is Better Able to Run the Country for the Next Four Years than the Democratic Party"
21, 22, 23 BIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER BEFORE 14 People--New Plays--New Vaudeville--New Scenery--A Real Show Clean, Moral and Refined--For Ladies, Gentlemen and Children Opening Play 'Si Haskins' A Rural Comedy Drama Full of Cordedy'and Heart Interest PRICES:-- 25c and 35c Regular Run of Pictures in Conjunction With the Show 13ILE 3ASH R1110VES About Crouip.
50 PokerNews Players made the money and another 15 didn't cash but did pick up a $100 bounty, meaning 65 players in total did not walk away empty handed - that's better than 1 in 6.
Abraham is better all around (meaning he may be just slightly less effective at sacking the QB, but he more than makes up for it with the running game presence and the ability to show up big time in big time moments).
2A Friendship Christian - The Commanders are moving to Division II next year and would like nothing better than to close out their Division I run with a second straight title.
about time they went what a cheek to hang on till the next election they are not in the same world as the taxpayer, should we have the ducking stool and the stocks brought back , they might work out better than a lie detector test
1) The lighting - a little better than the last time you were on her show where your face looked yellow!
According to Florence Hogan, granddaughter of Patrick L., as told to Jim Gallery, "When Patrick and his family arrived he liked the farm by the High Bridge better than the one that James had purchased for him, and some kind of swap was made.
2) Dalembert didn't show anything (i.e., "potential") to be better than Haywood during their first 4 yrs (i.e., time for the 2nd contract) either.
According to the figures for Sept. 2010 (the most recent available as of this writing), U.S. carriers posted a "mishandled" baggage rate of 2.89 reports per 1,000 passengers, which was better than the rate for lost baggage in August (3.50 per 1,000) and a big improvement over the rate for the entire first nine months of the year.
2012 - More defensive side won 2011- More attacking side won 2010 - Attacking side won (Pies defence was probably as good if not better than St Kilda's defence anyway) 2009 - Attacking side won 2007-08 - Geelong were far and away the best attacking and defensive side, even despite their 08 loss 2006 - Attacking side won 2005 - Defensive side won 2004 - Defensive side won
According to enraptured journalists and the vendors of big data solutions, a new age is awaiting us, an age where everything is known, analysed and acted upon, a world where big data knows us better than we know ourselves.
After a six-game losing streak, the Cubs have now won four straight overall and boast a +6 run differential, better than some winning teams like the San Francisco Giants (28-25) and Washington Nationals (27-26).
14:22:58 .... if you find an implementation that is better that is fine 14:23:18 pfps: I do not see any problem with the current status 14:23:23 ... it is a specification how the language works 14:23:33 ... we do not have a proposed solution how to fix this 14:23:37 ... it is done!
After all this time I have decided that I can not be in this relationship now I am better than this and you are to love yourself first if he dieasn't value you then walk away I have wasted to many years on a man well never change his loss not mine hope everything works out for you .
1 Which house stands at 1491 Mill Run Road, Mill Run, PA? 2 Which fitting was invented by John J Rawlings? 3 The winners of what receive the Borg-Warner trophy? 4 Which ex-footballer invented the Dube percussion instrument? 5 The third battle of Ypres is better known as what?
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 1 tablespoon Smart Balance Light Buttery Spread 2 onions, chopped 3/4 teaspoon sea salt 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar 1 teaspoon white sugar 1/4 teaspoon white pepper 1 cup Toffuti Better Than Sour Cream 1/2 cup egg mayonnaise 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce 1 tablespoon fresh chives, diced
1979 "When A Stranger Calls" Much Better Than 2006 Remake We were scared stiff by the 1979 original version of this movie , a great horror film.
1) We do not know who to blame, and blind lynching leads to many problems, 2) even if we did know who to blame, counter attacking stands a good chance of angering others, and perpetuating the cycle, 3) even if we knew which nation to attack, and could get away with it, it is still wrong to kill people for the actions of others --we would be no better than the terrorists.
After all, their philosophy was that private enterprise could do anything better than government, and cheaper, too, they thought, because the standard thing in their myth of capitalism is that competition would drive down the price.
Actually having BP pay the amount of damages over the next ten years is better then driving them into bankruptcy.
12 Habana Outpost 757 Fulton St., at S. Portland Ave., Fort Greene, Brooklyn; 718-858-9500 The popular Nolita diner Habana has a Brooklyn spinoff (next to the Lafayette Avenue C-train stop) that's even better than the original.
1) Any answer that claims to be based on "common sense" but is really based on making Rule Zero edits to the function of detection spells or of the alignment system, is not an answer at all unless you can show me why making YOUR rule zero edit to the game is better than making MY rule zero edit to the game, whic is just plain discouraging and/or eliminating radar style detection spells.
After all its much more important to stay ahead of Renault which means getting the most points possible, no matter from what driver they come .. and a driver near the front is always better than two far away from the front, just in case something unexpected happens.
10) Don't Look Now ( 1974 ) - Nicholas Roeg's adaption of Daphne du Maurier's short story is not a horror story - it's far better than that.
According to Chris McGinley, the prototype driver was made for Titleist Staff Member Jason Dufner, who has continued to use the company's three-year-old 910 D2 driver because of its higher launch and spin characteristics, which suit him better than Titleist's lower spinning 913 drivers.
2 - I do not know why you think the new is better; it isn't  ·  June 30, 2014  ·  Show description
According to one legend surrounding this curious statue,the Bridge Monkey is intended as a symbolic reminder to Heidelberg's citizens that neither the city-dwellers nor the people who lived outside the city of Heidelberg were better than the other, and that they should look over their shoulder as they cross the bridge to remember this.
1., Scholarship (academic or corporate) 2., Foreign degree considered better than home 3., Better job prospects 4., Just get away from home! 5., Simply I can afford 6., I want the academic knowledge 7., Need a MA/MBA/PhD to step up in the carrier ladder 8,.
After a morning run and a wonderful Easter service at church, we headed straight over to our friends' house (Matt & Melody's) for a Masters party with a better-than-the-original spread of sandwiches and chips.
After all, this was Siskel and Ebert's show - people knew their names better than the actual name of the program - and when you took away one (or both), At the Movies just wasn't the same.
Add in the fact that there wasn't as many recaps as there are normally, and this week honestly felt better than the averages show.
2. Should be 'Yes, that is where I was going to be, but I can have breaks from journalists once in a while...can't I?' He's not really talking to Max, so 'I' is better in this case.
09.01.03 - 6:00pm hope everyone has had a lovely holiday weekend (at least, those of you in the u.s.). the labor day show is now up... not that the music has anything really to do with labor day... but it sounds so much better than saying "this week's show" or "the latest show" or "another show", doesn't it?
11 I Come In Peace aka Dark Angel My Favorite Dolph Lundgren Movie(yes even better than Masters of the Universe, The Punisher, and Red Scorpion) This movie is about an evil criminal alien who comes to Earth in search of the Universes best Narcotic.
After eating the bites tonight, which were delicious and even better than the stromboli, in my opinion, I was thinking how well they would work as a freezer cooking option, and am planning to add it to my freezer cooking plan next month!
23. needed in understanding increasing complexity and being quickly able to visualize it in today's world and become part ofour tool box for determining the next steps.Some "stand outs" that I gainedIt is hard to suggest one part was better than another, it was this convergence that made the event come together butfor me the timely reminder by Mark Johnson on the strategic importance of the jobs-to-be-done cannot be everunderstated.
2 Samuel 18:3 But the people said: 'Thou shalt not go forth; for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us; but thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou be ready to succour us out of the city.' (See NIV)
A:Â "At first I was a little taken back, but that's how Zab is.Â I don't take much of it personally.Â He's a terrific fighter with a wealth of experience.Â He tried to get under my skin at the press conference and on Twitter, but come July 23 I'll be able to show the world who is better and that's all that matters."
[ 32 ] Today, downtown Blue Island is better known for its antique stores, art galleries, ethnic delicatessens and fine dining.
A country like Sweden or Iceland fits the bill much better than Germany.
1.2-1.5 metres I'm hearing for your area, for stable all day reception - you are right on the edge where the signal drops rapidly every mile you move away from the spotbeam - complicated by the fact that the spotbeam does appear to wobble slightly, meaning reception is better during the day than in the evening.
4. LESS jobs, and the September job numbers being fudged to make it look better than it actually is... Bummer that the October numbers will come out right before the election and show a "correction"...
4- GTA-San Andreas - my next to last console game 5- Arx Fatalis - got me hooked on FPP 6- KOTOR 2 - Only got 70 hours out of it but I just love SW and unlike many others i liked it better than the first.
3. Milton Bradley (isn't this spot in the order the reason you paid all that money for a switch-hitter who gets on base and produces runs?). 4. Aramis Ramirez (27 homers, a team-leading 111 RBIs, and fewer than 100 strikeouts, which is better than anybody else you'd think about putting here). 5. Soriano (he likes leadoff because he doesn't have to think about actual situational hitting, so this might be the next-best spot to be selfish).
(4:9) "They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field."
12: If you have trees at the front of the house or office make sure they do not grow too high, a good height is about six foot, less than this is better although I am aware some people would prefer higher as it offers seclusion to the home.
668 - Apr 2011 - Marian Valley and Penrose Park: spiritual powerhouses , Br Barry Coldrey Marian Valley A few kilometres from the town of Canungra the official title of the Pauline Fathers property is the Shrine of Our Lady Help of Christians but the place is better known to Queensland Catholic s as Marian Valley.
1-2 cups cooked turkey bits (substitute any leftover meat you may have) 1 15oz can diced tomatoes with their juice 1 32oz carton chicken broth (homemade is better, just put bones from your next whole chicken carcass in a crockpot with a splash of vinegar and seasonings, and make "free" bone broth) 1.5 cups frozen mixed veggies 1 large baking potato, peeled and chunked 2 medium onions, diced Seasonings to taste
After all, who is better to show her the way than her own daddy?
A big reason it makes the top of this category is that in this price, it includes a much better than average 18-135 kit lens - a nice range lens with good quality (I have one and can tell you the image quality easily beats most kit zooms).
, admonishes the suffering ones that it Orlando is better governed and the I is still worse being in the trenchesand work is more effectively done and at It stands to reason that it should be cor- WHITE RIPPLETTE BOYS SUITS all must take heart.
Absolutely...some fans that are acting like we are overrating glen davis, but have virtually no idea what theyre talking about when it comes to maxiell make me laugh (they end up overrating him)....look at there numbers right next to each other folks, big baby is better, cheaper, knows our system, and can shoot and is getting better, while maxiell seems to be getting worse after he peaked at 5 boards in 21 minutes a couple seasons back...
30 Rock was next doing 5.54 million, better than previous week's special two episodes which did bad.
2009-11 is better discussed in relation to show-piece games (Vic-NSW was followed by 43k) and performance related, consistent with the economic literature on domestic crowds.
126 1 KINGS XIX. a Jonah iv. 3, 8. " that lie might die ; and said, It is enough ; now, Lord, take away my life ; for I am not better than my fathers. 5.
Additionally, microbes in the soil can break down a lot of the hydrocarbons from inevitable under-car drips, which is better than having them accumulate on paved surfaces then flush into receiving waters via storm drains with the next big rainfall.
310 So, when this loose behavior I throw off And pay the debt I never promised, By how much better than my word I am, By so much shall I falsify men's hopes; And like bright metal on a sullen ground, 315 My reformation, glittering o'er my fault, Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes Than that which hath no foil to set it off.
16. Home Alone 2 - I don't want to give away future entries on this list, but this is an instance where my hard, fast rule that sequels are always better than the original is not true - although, it is very close.
1 you can level without it, but endgame is all about the heroics 2 community is fairly average, better than say wow, but worse than say daoc or coh. 3 while leveling is different, end game is pure wow clone, grinding dungeons to get the next item set.
Actually strike that, because I think team's are better than they really are all the time, but it's rare that a team I think is terrible ends up doing something stupid like going to the Final Four.
A free trial, demo, or anything that allows people to experience first hand that you're telling the truth takes away doubt better than almost anything else.
A better-than-average horror-thriller that relies more on potent suspense than graphic savagery or stereoscopic tricks.
After all they are equals with their men, yet a 20 years old lady cannot reason better than my 10 years old son who would ask you all the questions in the world to justify why he must do or not do something.
A caller to my brother Rush's show suggested that we were making a mistake by opposing the ground zero mosque, because this was an opportunity to show Muslims that we are better than that and that our form of government is superior.
After applying a little math skills, we get the amazing pixel density of 264ppi, meaning that fine text will look nice and sharp, while those HD movies will look better than ever.
4. "I think we can be better than that and show the world that a Hindu does not hurt others."
A child would have known better than to shut men up in this cursed trap to starve to death like useless vermin."
[10] Even as when the South Wind sheddeth a mist over the peaks of a mountain, a mist that the shepherd loveth not, but that to the robber is better than night, and a man can see only so far as he casteth a stone; even in such wise rose the dense dust-cloud from beneath their feet as they went; and full swiftly did they speed across the plain.
1.Because it's on a Friday 2.Because it's not on a Monday 3.To have a 3 day weekend 4.There's not enough national holidays 5.Look at all the great people that were born on Friday the thirteenth (Not that I can think of anybody,can you think of anybody ?) 6.So people can go to Ho Chunk and bet all their money away 7.It's better than a poke in the eye 8.To commemorate our thirteenth president Mildred Filmore, don't you remember what he did for our country ?
[ 34 ] The reason being that the Mongols could not, in his opinion, be true Muslims despite the fact that they had converted to Sunni Islam because they ruled using what he considered 'man-made laws' (their traditional Yassa code ) rather than Islamic law or Sharia , whilst believing that the Yassa code was better than the Sharia law.
Abram had tried to do right, though there was no Bible in the world then, and no one better than himself to help him but God, and one day He called Abram, and told him to go away from his father's house into another country.
Aerodynamically, they should not be better than pointed round nose, but they make nice round holes on targets out to 25/50/75/100 yards - meaning they did not end up tumbling when they reached these distances (and make nice sharp round cut holes for better target scoring).
After Han and Leia Organa Solo had been forced to flee the Jedi Temple , Hamner and Horn approached fellow Master Saba Sebatyne to give the eulogy, since she had been Mara Skywalker's friend, and had known her better than the other masters.
@33 & 35 & everyother steelers fans I hope you all choke on your stupid primanti sandwich REED & Ravens D were infinite times better than Shitsburgh & Polamalu (get a hair cut) the only reason you beat baltimore: we were the only team to go 17 weeks in a row also we have a rookie QB from delaware....delaware (& all wins you barely pulled out), stop the cockyness you lost to the eagles
Admittedly, DVD sales rarely determine whether or not a show gets cancelled before its time (if only Firefly could have come out on disc when it was still on the air, maybe it never would have been canned), but it's better than nothing-my money does at least go back to the people and organizations that had a hand in the stuff I like, and I don't have to endure the visual and aural equivalent of assault and battery.
7pm Project isn't half as bad as everyone makes it out to be, sure its no Daily Show with Jon Stewart but its better than the other tripe on the commercial nets.
After graduation, Agee moved to New York, where he wrote for Fortune and Time magazines, although he is better known for his later film criticism in The Nation.
(A conceit that movie pulled off far better than The Invention of Lying , which was just about a world where everyone was horribly rude to one another for no reason.)
According to the St. Paul Pioneer Press , president of basketball operations Flip Saunders expects Pekovic to be back and better than ever next season:
#27 I'd contest the assertion that a Spurs squad that has been exposed as paper thin in the last few weeks despite enduring a very lucky season on the injuries front is better than an Arsenal squad who has missed its best midfielder for the whole season, not to mention at times having 6 or 7 defenders injured and playing 5th and 6th choice centre backs at full-back, also having 8 very difficult CL fixtures thrown in and yet appears to be likely to finish above them.
1. Journalists back in the firing line as digital media struggles to protect its own (Emily Bell / Guardian) 2. Why Internet journalists don't organize (Lydia DePillis / Washington Post) 3. Louis CK's new straight-to-fan special has no buzz, doing better than his first one (Peter Kafka / Re/code) 4. 50% of Super Bowl ads [...] more "
A cultist must constantly measure his/her superiority against the "others'" inferiority by repeating, over and over, "you" think this way because you are swept away by mass thinking, whereas I, the intellectual elite, know that exactly the opposite is better.
A Final Fantasy adventure exclusive to the Wii (and better than XIII, if I do say so myself), Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers (take a deep breath after you say that long title) was an action-adventure game that starred a young male named Layle with telekinetic powers.
According to a recent pothole report by the Bay Area's Metropolitan Transportation Commission, what city was ranked worst in Marin in terms of quality and upkeep of roads and streets? 2. By what name did the ancient Romans refer to the moon? 3. Elizabeth Alexandra Mary Windsor is better known to the world by what name? 4. What popular TV competition is often referred to as DWTS? 5.
Actor Miguel Ferrer, son of Rosemary Clooney and Jose Ferrer and cousin of George Clooney, is better known for his role as the mysterious FBI agent in David Lynch's "Twin Peaks" and most recently as the government witness in "Traffic."
After i used them, i applied my serum and other products and the next morning i noticed that my skin looked better than normal!
1. looks - people just like to show off 2. ego - "look i have apple, im better than you" 3. when it comes to marketing and brain washing, apple is #1 4. fanboys and apple cheerleaders feel they belong to something ( loners ) they think they are apple... 5. i can go on but i got to get back to work
AA needs to find more revenue for sure, but maybe finding more innovative ways to fill empty seats on flights would be better than throwing away the good will brought on with MRTC.(One idea might be in the biggest cities..Ads on TV at night.....American has 40 unsold seats tomorrow to LAX ..Go online now to book yours at only $129.99, or whatever)
A collection of essays by authors such as Catherine Aird, Julian Symons and friends discussing not only her books but her theatre work for which she is better known in New Zealand, the place of her birth.
2 Greg reduces a well supported discussion of how the citizen soldiers of Athena have more in common with the citizen soldiers of America ( Some of whom were shot in the face with a CS Grenade from ten feet away by a police criminal), where as the Spartan ideal is shoot the vetern in the face with tear gas grenade then kill him, to "Athenians were better than Spartans - and kind of like the modern US military."
Add your review A most enjoyable stay.Everything worked out far better than a negative review I had read prior to travelling.The staff were most helpful,food very good with fresh vegetables and varied menu's Handy for getting to town and railway station only 5 minutes walk away should you wish to venture further afield.Will certainly recommend this hotel.
2006 - Market Report / U.S.A. - August 9th, 2006: "Stocks rose for the first time in five days Thursday [08/10/06] as better-than-expected earnings and lower oil prices helped overcome renewed concerns about the threat of terrorism" [Based on: Bloomberg News article (Stocks rise for first time in five days on earnings, oil), p. D4, S.L.P.D., 08/11/06]
5) RAVENS FANS- There's nothing more beautiful than seeing our fanbase travel well when it counts-- In the playoffs!! Well, maybe not better than seeing us celebrate with our AFC Champion Ravens as helpless zipperhead SpyGate fans choke wicked hawd on their Sam Adams Bawston Lawgah!! Next Stop: NEW ORLEANS !!
1 Who had an annual feast to mark the removal of a kidney stone? 2 Which civil war pitched Reds vs Whites vs Greens? 3 Catriona was the sequel to which classic adventure story? 4 Who wrote the car industry exposé Unsafe At Any Speed? 5 Beethoven's Bagatelle No. 25 is better known as what?
5 i , i H GOOD AS THE BEST AND BETTER THAN THE BEST: Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers A new lot of these well-known mowers just at hand, and they are In time for you to attend to tho grass that will be growing so fast on your lawns after the fine rains we have had.
1. go into your tinychef app 2. go into documents/filescache 3. opening up this file "Levels-dbc9d81b05f5ac4bc46813015ab8043d" with no quote you got to do 2 thing 1st is look for your next level exp and change it to whatever number you want,lower the better than look for this "bonusPremiumCurrency" that is ur buckchef change the 1 to whatever number.
#2 BBQ Chicken Pizza - Chopped chicken breast, my newest Secret BBQ Sauce , Mozz and some of my basic rub .. (this one was better than expected only change next time I'll use a more tangy cheese ..the mozz was buried in the flavor of the sauce and chicken)
1930s, comprising a Western Union telegram (glued to another piece of paper) from Arthur Babbitt discussing his offer with the Disney Studios Ask one eighty merrie melodies conditions better than new york but disturbed walt has room for you but will not outbid others if dissatisfied east come west chance to show your stuff think Disney best bet you should decide I can only suggest my love to folks and friends write Arthur Babbitt Walt Disney Studios.
Actually, I'd like him to have that kind of sack/sense to say, "Hey Theo/Tito, my mind is elsewhere right now, I'm not helping the team the way I am going, lemme take care of my family and lets hope next year is better.
68 ' Thou 'st have that horse,' his master said, ' If that one thing thou wilt tell me ; Why that horse is better than any other, I pray thee, Tom Pots, shew thou to me.' 69 ' That horse is old, of stomach bold, And well can he skill of his train ; If I be out of my saddle cast, He '1 either stand still or turn again.' 70 ' Thou 'st have the horse with all my heart.
1. Without Forgiveness We're Savages 2. Angel 3. Away For A While 4. Burn 5. Glow 6. Better Than Screaming 7. Crash 8. Someone Like You 9.
ack I think I meant north-south but don't you think that when you have wider beds it is better to go east-west then the sun runs along each plant -if you will?
2) There is a million dollar prize available from JREF for anyone who can show, under reasonable scientific controls, that homeopathic dilutions work better than placebo.
17-Oct-2003 -- This morning Werner, although feeling better than yesterday, did still show a certain reluctant attitude to get out from his bed, and so I treated him a little bit with my broom handle, and subsequenty he got up quite quickly.
Additionally, because everyone is busy not paying attention to you, you are free to spam shadow bolts with your 5% multiplier on soul link, and your 5% multiplier on Felguard, which ends up being better than shadow mastery.
According to the S-man, the rest of the world (aka Windows users) are no better than a swarm of crack heads, wandering the corners looking for our next re-up.
1. Carrie Underwood - Blown Away (16) 2. Dierks Bentley - When You Gonna Come Around (14) 3. Carrie Underwood - Do You Think About Me (13) 4. Kellie Pickler - 100 Proof (13) 5. Tim McGraw - Better Than I Used to Be (13) 6.
1) I believe there are much smaller countries like Hungary and Germany that seem to do much better than Canada in the medals department.
4. O.J. Mayo , Grizzlies: His defense is better than most experts figured it would be, he's the top-scoring first-year player by a wide margin and Memphis is riding a four-game winning streak.
02:54: They say Aries and Leo get along better than Sagittarius and Leo 02:54: you're blowing my mind man 02:54: i'm Taurus 02:54: so I guess it makes sense that he would be a little further away from the couple.
(1) Facing expected technical progress, waiting for ever, or until prices stabilise in the distant future, is not rational - next year's iPhone will be better than this year's, so you would never actually enjoy one.
After Blake Griffin, I'm betting Cousins is next most likely to win ROY, so I'm glad that you think Cousins will be better than projected using your models (third would be John Wall, but not due to productivity).
4. I should have known better than not to predict Mike Leigh, considering he'd been nominated for four of his last six pictures (and now 5 for 7).
Absolutely EXCELLENT! the story line was very bad, But the special FX made up for that, I loved the film it really blew me away, And Hey all you critics out there who think the movies bad GET A LIFE you all think Harry Potter that nosy little wizard is better, but AHEM...It sucks compared to the great JURASSIC PARK 3!
40s -No Label- Mens navy blue background, red, white, green plaid wool blanket cloth mackinaw hunting coat with hip length styling, doublebreasted construction, six buttons, slightly fitted sides, straight hem, waist self belt with metal buckle, lower flapped inset pockets, upper slash pockets, wide deeply notched collar, and plaid cotton flannel lining (several small mends, couple of rewoven spots on left sleeve, minor repairs to sleeve lining hem, otherwise better than average condition for period outerwear)
2. Show/Rey are both better than being used as tag teams, especially when there are already Tag Teams that don't get airtime.
Adnan Januzaj should be given more game time out wide next season - his final ball is immeasurably better than the aforementioned - but the addition of Reus would further return Manchester United to their exciting traditions of mouth-watering and ruthless attacking play - be it from areas or through the middle - the two-footed Reus can play pretty much anywhere.
Adapted from a novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett, who (perhaps understandably) is better known for The Secret Garden and Little Lord Fauntleroy, it starts off as fairly standard wannabe-Downton TV period drama.
Actually the ending is better than the entire film, not only because it means the movie is over, but because it actually makes you think and wonder about what would happen next if the film were good enough to merrit a sequel.
3. C Nick Ciuffo (Lexington HS, South Carolina): quick bat; above-average power upside; good defensive tools and has improved over time; not a natural catcher, but now he looks the part; high present value; above-average arm, but throws can sail; moves laterally better than expected; keen batting eye; PG Brian McCann comp; defense has improved a ton; strong hands; good receiver; popular AJ Pierzinski comp as well; reminds me some of Varitek; 6-2, 200 pounds
after her father's death (not sure when that was) she would complain that she heard her father complaining that the shrine was in america and that she ought to have known better than to move away from japan.  it was like she was continually tormented by a very unhappy dad.
...Across the Gulf Coast, among people who have lost much and suffered much and given to the limit of their power, we are seeing that same spirit: a core of strength that survives all hurt, a faith in God no storm can take away , and a powerful American determination to clear the ruins and build better than before.
661     First of all, as has already been observed at paragraphs 407 to 412 above, the results of the third Mercer survey show that, contrary to Microsoft's contention, consumers consider non-Microsoft work group server operating systems to be better than Windows work group server operating systems on a number of features to which they attach great importance.
A draw at home to Norwich was certainly better than the previous season's horror show against Blackpool.
[3] Even better than that, give away some (maybe all) of your music but charge for an enhanced set of downloads where the composer adds in alternate takes, early versions of the pieces, or versions with different instrumentation, and then walks the listener through what's going on in each composition by explaining in detail what's happening each piece with audio examples.
19. Clausal Coordination 1.3 Syntactic features of Coordinators Clause coordinators: restricted to clause-initial position Coordinated clauses: sequentially fixed Coordinators: preceded by a conjunction Coordinators: link clause constituents Coordinators: link subordinate clauses Coordinators: link more than two clauses E.g.: I wonder whether you should speak to him personally or whether it is better to write to him.
A cross section of a shell reveals three discrete layers; the periostracum, the prismatic layer and the nacreous layer, which lines the internal surface of the shell and is better known as mother-of-pearl (Jacob et al ., 2008).
3 is much better than 4, but since it's clear you can play PS2 games, and liked the survival horror genre, I would much rather move you over to the FANTASTIC Fatal Frame series.
42 Hast thou ever heard, seen or known of so beautiful a woman as I am, or better than myself, who speak daily unto thee, fall into a decline through love for thee, confer all this honor upon thee, and still thou wilt not hearken to my voice?
According to Professor Steve Boucher, the Australian co-author of the latest interval training study to show intervals work better than slow cardio, "high intensity intermittent exercise may result in greater fat loss in the abdomen"
558354 summed it up for me when he/she said "the reality for some survivors is just this: death is better than the vile degradation known as medical care."
[0129] The provision of three or more poles in a row next to one another (see FIGS. 9 and 10) also has the advantage that the flux is better distributed through the material of the selection element, resulting in the magnetically conducting material being saturated less quickly.
4. component parts to decide whether it is better to manufacture them in house or to purchase them from outside, valuing a prospective acquisition, determining the feasibility of entering a new market, and locate the best price for a new product launch).
A foster placement like this, is rather similar to a real open adoption, with the power balance completely reversed, yes, the mother may need to convince the social workers or so that she is good enough, but she will not have to prove she is better than the foster family, to take the child away and welcome it home forever.
1) There's nothing better than watching Brienne Pedigo be put on the spot when she clearly was not ready so she could tell us someone was and this is a rough quote "yes he's coming in for fuel and tires, and now he's in, they are fueling and changing tires, and he's away"
8. Leon Powe....Celtics...the Powe Show at Oakland Tech HS was better than the NBA Warriors at the time.
3. Banyuls, France The village of Banyuls on France's Côte Vermeille is better known for its wines than its pebbly beaches and coastal views, but there is a trail that is well worth the effort of seeking out.
1) Not a programmer 2) Someone who really would like to see someone at least attempt to do this, and am worried that the amount of time this would need may scare some talented people away, so is unestimating the time on such a project greatly 3)Am afraid that when iTunes receives VBR support from Quicktime 7, even if the quality ends up being better than Nero, most users here will have to stick with Nero for gapless.
16" Wheel Felt Heretic BMX 09 spec £90 collected - used but not much, daughter switched away from street, not as new but for a kids bike in much better than average condition and better made, scrapes on forks and to top of brake levers - no idea why.
10 Reasons Why Online Video Is Better Than TV For Marketers And Advertisers With some may options out there (YouTube, Hulu, Netflix, and now local options such as iZonOrlando) its just downright silly to throw your money away trying to reach an audience that is simply not there anymore.
After Botham, next one is Imran Khan with six hundreds and also 18 half centuries, although he is better bowler than him.
According to the great JDLand website (where I got all my info on this) which covers this area better than anyone, "This space will open at 11:30 am every day; on game days, the market and food trucks will remain open until two hours after the game ends; otherwise, it will stay open at least through Happy Hour, or later if patrons are still around."
A 40.4 percent shooter beyond the arc in those 18 outings, Burke was also far-and-away one of the top passers in not just the conference but the country as well, averaging better than six dishes in league play and turning the ball over a mere 36 times.
Adobe seems to be moving away from mobile Flash support and the internet itself is moving away from Flash to HTML 5. So, that's going to be the real test of which platform is better at HTML 5.
2. They prophesied that the vessels of the temple, which the king of Babylon had already carried away, should now shortly be brought back ( Jer. 27:16 ); this they fed the priests with the hopes of, knowing how acceptable it would be to them, who loved the gold of the temple better than the temple that sanctified the gold .
According According to tothe the recent outcomes from from National National Home Home Health Health Compare Data, RVNA RVNA ranked ranked better better than thanlocal, local, Compare Data, state federal agencies agencies in in many many critical critical state and and federal measures including reduced reduced re-admissions re-admissionsto to measures including hospital, effective treatment treatment of of pain, pain and hospital, effective care care initiated in aa timely timely manner.
After having a son, I still continued to rebel, but God continue to woo me with His love and kindness to show me that His love is better than a man's love.
8 My bright Transoceanic Sisters that want to "see the face of Carlyle," to him indeed your bright faces were blessedness, but his hard face-is better where it is! 9 - Will you however say to your Husband that I shall always regret not going to Miss Martineau's that night: 10 it is punishment of my pusillanimity which scares me away from all noise , even from some noise that I know not to be inane, as from pestilence and poison.
01/27/03: The Return of the Ayatollah: Washington could afford a little more attention on Iran 01/13/03: How we could lose 01/09/03: Fish are Better than Women: Gauging U.S. priorities 01/07/03: The Shape of Things to Come: The terror masters are now waiting for us 12/20/02: A Prophecy for the New Year --- Faster, please!
Aalstar player Chris Copeland "We knew we could perform better than the first game where we were blown away.
After I saw the Bonzo Birthday Party concert, I made a mental comparison between that show and the 1972 shows, and for the most part I felt the songs played in 73 were just as good, if not better than the same songs played in 72.
ADT Home Security is the choice of over 1,300 colleges and universities throughout the United States so your student is better protected at home and while away at school.
After going through the ATWT gay SL debacle, it is better not to watch any gay/lesbain SL on any show or movie; the end result is going to be the same always: Total diaster and horrendous endings.
According to CNN Polling Director Keating Holland, one reason may be the "brand loyalty" many blacks feel toward the name Clinton - most black primary voters in South Carolina say that Clinton understands their problems better than Obama does.
#2 ; It is known that the human ear hears certain sounds better than others (for survival purposes our brains learned to value frequencies in which voice occurs over others), so all frequencies above 15.5k
Adding about three extra minutes of running time (a little more exposition between Jigsaw and Matthews, a few additional snippets of blood in each death scene) and an entire disc of additional content, Lionsgate proves once again that no one understands the needs of the horror film fan better than they do.
A family themed show far better than "Hell's Kitchen" or "Duck Dynasty".
2. The Ring : 8, great 3. Fatbeard: 7.5 (it's good, but could have been a little funnier) 4. Eat Pray Queef: 7, nauseating, but better than the remaining two 5. Pinewood Derby: weird (which I usually like about the show), but sadly lacked in the jokes-department: 6 6.
A better than expected NFP will mean USD strengthens meaning a slower long-term recovery of our economy because less likelihood of Fed Stimulus and just a slow grind, so risk off.
2006 NFL Free Agent Tight Ends and Kickers (posted 3-7-06) Believe it or not the available free agents at the kicker position are better than what's out there at tight end.
Admittedly, I did not see the sample size, but most likely that could be way better than these blitz polls that are always being published in the main-stream media, e.g.
5000 years history is too much for most foreign brains imo. the reason of those CHinese become friend with you is they are interested in foreign things, that explains why they watch foreign TVs. for me, I love a good CHina historical TV show better than anything else in this world.
1:37 into the extra period, young Brandon Pirri came through in the clutch, scoring his second goal of the night and third of the year, powering the Engineers to avoid what would have been a depressing tie, but the loss of a 2-goal lead with under 10 minutes to play remained worrisome - slightly better than a Pyrrhic victory.
1. Lots of variation in national polls Two recent high profile surveys -- from Newsweek and Gallup -- show Clinton doing slightly better than Barack Obama against John McCain in the national popular vote (as does the Rasmussen Reports automated survey).
2) I have always worn stockings with skirts/dresses but find that I'm getting SO hot lately for some reason (not 'change of life yet', I'm only 32! :lol: ) -- I do not have nice legs though and sheer black stockings really look better than bare legs on me....
5.) Hurling prisoners downhill into trees at 40-60 miles per hour, a common occurrence in skiing--or are you saying that these terrorist scum somehow deserve better than Sonny Bono? 6.) Having prisoners eat worms, goat intestines, squid eyes or live cockroaches, which countless Americans have enthusiastically volunteered to do if it would get them on some reality TV show.
10. YOUR SAN FRANCISCO 49ers: Malcolm Jenkins, Ohio State, DB: The 49ers take the best defensive back in the draft because Walt Harris is entering his 14th season and is coming off a down year, because the team's pass defense has ranked no better than 20th in the last four years and because Jenkins has the size to contend with big division foes such as Larry Fitzgerald, Anquan Boldin and T.J. Housmanzedah.
18. So, when this loose behavior I throw off And pay the debt I never promised, By how much better than my word I am, By so much shall I falsify men's hopes; And, like bright metal on a sullen ground, My reformation, glitt'ring o'er my fault, Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes Than that which hath no foil to set it off.
A few journalists were worried when they took a spin on the old F4 and noted that the brakes on the older bike worked better than the new bike we just stepped off of.
(09-21) 21:16 PDT - For starters, Joe Staley hopes his next regular-season meeting against Vikings defensive end Jared Allen begins better than the last time he squared off against the perennial Pro Bowler.
(1: In their own data, they show the Prius' depreciation as "much better than average" and the Corolla as merely "average", yet their hybrid economic comparison shows greater depreciation for the Prius.
Actually Orlando needs a pint guard that creates plays for others not a scoring PG like Nelson...if they had a PG willing to get more assists a game they would win more except Nelson is taking away more from Orlando scorers than he is contributing to the team by him scoring...in other words if he gave Orlando more assists, which they desperately need, the outcome would be better than him doing the scoring(Orlando got better scorers)...finally, JAMEER NELSON PASS THE THE DAMN BALL MORE YOU JOCK......
1: Flycatcher, whose real name is Ambrose, and is better known to mundies as the prince who was once turned into a frog.
2.41pm: "It's common thing to say that Premier League this season was not just more prolific but also better than the 2010-11 edition," writes Admir Pajic.
A few studies have found the home-educated to be scoring about the same or a little better than public school students ."
30, 2008)-A new report from the Cato Institute purports to show that private schools around the world perform better than public schools and that the United States should embrace a free and competitive education marketplace.
4. A Picture is Worth a Thousand Clicks There's a reason why magazine spreads are better than single pages, why color ads are better than black and white, and why creative agencies are in business.
After it is all said and done find a good local shop and get them to install, if you live in atlanta go to andy's muffler in Snellville ask for nick or andy and bring an extra 150 because they will build and install an x-pipe for you and it sounds, looks, and fits better than anything you can buy.
14. Maybe this is better than seeing him frogmarched away in chains.
60 minute workout with Gil my personal trainer over 7000 steps today with fitbit food getting better more vegies and salad today wii fit plus 30 minutes I feel so much better than last week and for the next 2 months my plan is the workout 3 to 4 days a week for at least 30 minutes each time plan meals and snacks stay away from eating out and my plan is to make this work,
6k if i need the full 25 sets of plates... if i can get away with 10 plates only which is express invisalign (this is determined once impressions are sent to the states) then its only $2500 - much better than 10k :/
24 ] This has been interpreted by the courts as meaning that claimants must show that they have a better than 50 per cent chance of success if the matter were to come to trial.
43 'And if thy hand may cause thee to stumble, cut it off; it is better for thee maimed to enter into the life, than having the two hands, to go away to the gehenna, to the fire -- the unquenchable --  44 where their worm is not dying, and the fire is not being quenched.
8Limbs Muay Thai is a full time Martial Arts Academy dedicated in teaching the art of Muay Thai or as it is better known within the U.K and Europe as Thai Boxing.
(4) HEARTLAND LIBERTY gelding has been racing better than his lines show; use underneath.
4. (7) Patriots (8-3) - No franchise executes the "next man up" philosophy better than New England.
4.5 stars - Very Good - "...Ruth Brown's latest captures her spirit of sincerity better than any of her recordings since a long-ago meeting with Thad Jones and Mel Lewis...even the spaces Brown leaves between phrases are supercharged with meaning...."
ABC bet that Happy Endings would have an audience, based on it performing better than any other show has after Modern Family (despite still losing a large chunk of that show's audience), then moved it into a Tuesday slot where it would have to compete against two comedies with similar audiences.
23. Goal Visualization is not a replacement of Goal SettingNote that, goal visualization is not an alternate to traditional goal setting, rather it's asupplement and additional exercise in making your vision stronger; making yourcommitment more strong and giving a reason for you to look at your goal with high priorityand seriousness.I hope you appreciate the fact that this way of goal visualization is better than foolingyourself with something like "I want to create 5 crores in 30 yrs for my retirement?"
Actually the room was better than I expected,considered the same price room that I stayed in Hongkong.I'll definitely choose this hotel again when I go to London next year.
80's boys thought the show was better than boners and fireworks.
3. Alternate the direction you sandwich each layer - I always start with the bottom layer facing right way up, and then sandwich the next layer upsidedown on top, I find this helps to balance it out better than if you have all the layers facing right way up.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and veils or flogs or stones them for falling in love.
Additionally, I am told that race relations were much better than they were depicted in the move during that time period(both of my parents went to nearby high schools - my dad played football against that team the next year).
@20, Ben, I hear you re the age issue, and to me, that's the ONLY issue.I will beg to differ with your opinion that Lin "might" be better than Nash next year:
[4] But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a broom tree; and he asked that he might die, saying, "It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am no better than my fathers."
2. 10 time Grammy winner Chaka Khan, who will be appearing at the jazz weekend, is better known as the Queen of Funk, but she loves jazz.
33 Grandma's Chicken House is the county's place to worship the gnarled splendor of broasted chicken, the criminally underappreciated cooking style that dominates the Red States and is better than any other fried meal you'll ever taste.
Aaah, thank you, Anissa!!! Now I can comment that Emma Roberts is ridic in that "better than underwear" non-outfit, Kristen Stewart is one slight bend-over away from a painful and embarrassing wedgie, and Dita Von Teese looks like-a fancy clown?
Additionally, Walker found that sleep actually enhances memories-after a full night of rest, students not only came back the next day feeling refreshed, but also performed better than they did the day before.
Adrian Whyne, or deejay Spenny B as he is better known to his schoolmates, took to the stage next, deejaying his original song and crowd favourite, Baby Girl, which earned him a loud forward fom the crowd.
19 year-old Taylor Swift had won Best Female Video for her song "You Belong with Me." Imagine the excitement and joy, at 19, you would have felt upon winning what has become a pop-culturally iconic award , only to have some dickhead , who exists only to promote himself and his own agenda, jump up and snatch your joy away by proclaiming that someone else's work was better than that for which you had just won a pop-culturally iconic award .
A broken voice without a word to live by Eyes slammed shut watch the world go by It should have been way better than this You can't anticipate the things that you miss And how long 'til you let it go Master unreality nothing to show and in the end Top of the mountain of nowhere First in the line dying to get back there You can't get back there You can't get back there
2 day of low food intake + soberness is way better than poppin some shrooms, perhaps risk a bad trip -and stomach problems if u cant get the right stuff or if u have sensitive stomach- go brain fried for the next 3 days after it, just so u can get your smoking tolerance lowered quickly... haha
3BP argues that this is a problem for Dave Yost, that Mike DeWine is better known among voters than he is.
... A Democratic lead of better than six percentage points in which party voters think should control Congress has collapsed since the glitch-plagued health-law rollout in October, leaving the parties at parity, according to an aggregate of polls by Real Clear Politics."
(5) Ali and Fatima (Allah be well-pleased with them) said that when they asked the Prophet (upon him blessings and peace) to give them a servant he said: "Shall I not show you what is better for the two of you than the red camels?"
34 St. Johns Wort(Hypericum perforatum) Named after St. John the Baptists birthday (6/24) when it typically blooms Multiple RCTs show that it is better than placebo for MILD to MODERATE depression Other RCTs show that it is as effective as prescription antidepressants with fewer side effects NO better than placebo for MAJOR depression Side effects include mild HA, gastric upset, dizziness, fatigue and photosensitivity MAJOR concern for herb-drug interaction Ann Intern Med 200213642-35, Linda K et al Cochrane Database Systematic Review 2005CD000448 35 St. Johns Wort
16 So it will be with the intellectual faculties, since the somewhat abler men in each grade of society succeed rather better than the less able, and consequently increase in number, if not otherwise prevented.
3. It's filter life is supposed to be better than many other products, meaning lesser running cost (of cartridge replacement).
6) Later, again you prove that you had understood better than you wanted to show:
A Cologne, Germany-repping beat crew who know the fundamentals of hip-hop better than many of their stateside counterparts-as amply demonstrated in past features Let's Get It and Top Rank-JR & PH7 are back... Read More
9. Birmingham-Southern: The Panthers won't receive full Big South accreditation until 2003-04, yet, they may be better than a handful of teams in the conference.
261 august bod\- did not fare much better than the employees of the Execu- tive Departments in respect to the accommodations which were provided.
A 1-0 win over Liverpool at Stamford Bridge seemed to prove that point as Chelsea were far better than their perfomance at Newcastle days earlier and many predicted a final date with rivals Man Utd in both the FA Cup and Champions League as well as the title race going down to the wire between the two.
A friend close by is better than family far away.
1) Re your statement above: "Private lands continued on the trajectory of clearcutting that National Forests were on and now the evidence has accumulated to show that federal lands are produce every kind of public benefits better than non-federal lands - cleaner water, more carbon, better habitat, less fragmentation, more biodiversity, better and more diverse recreation, etc. etc." - A) Can you give us a link to a reputable document that has verifiable facts supporting this quote?
16. Darren McFadden (ADP 12.8) - Reports out of Raiders' camp have Darren McFadden looking better than ever and why not as the young running back turning just 24 years old at the end of August.
A few hours later, they'll be enjoying a melt-in-your-mouth delight that is as good - or better - than the standard frozen fare found at your local grocery store.
acute when fixed on what happens next; whereas literature, sooner or later, is about the meaning behind events.? This explains better than anything else I know why it is that the finest movies seem to have been made not from first- but from second-rate fiction: The Maltese Falcon...
After a two win, two loss start that may be better than the record would indicate, the Predators return to action this weekend with an old school NHL home and away series with division foe Columbus.
According to the survey, customers in the drive-thru line were only staring at dumpsters 66.34% of the time, much better than McDonald's 74.9% or Wendy's 76.7%, and worlds away from the icky 94.2% of Bojangles with visible dumpsters.
1st time I could vote--Libertaritain.. party...[Can't remember who] Thought I was getting smarter next time...Reagan-better--Than thought a world change would b nice-Ross Perot-NOT..Gonna Happen..Greed sets in with old age/REPULICAN all the way..Now?
1) Chicago, Richmond and Dallas PMI's better than expected 2) Initial Jobless Claims show big drop 3) New Home Sales touch above estimates and Existing Home Sales at 3 mo high (caveat looking forward being foreclosure issues) 4) UK Q3 GDP at 3.2% rises twice forecasts and consumer confidence hangs in 5) French, German and Italian consumer confidence hold at good levels 6) Personal consumption and equipment and software spending good in Q3 GDP.
After a tough week at the hands of the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians, the Baltimore Orioles seem to like nothing better than some home cooking.
(1) Nadal, Federer or Sharapova (1) of the next tier of top players, value wise not necessarily playing wise, like Novak, Victoria, Anna K, Caroline W. (1) 1/1 Green, some much better than others (1) Mystery Cut Redemption - I have redeemed 6, but only receieved one card, Arthur Ashe so far
1) Avoid slot canyons when it's cloudy, raining locally (as in, on your head), raining nonlocally (as in, as many as 40 miles away from you, which might still be close enough to send nonsaturating water roaring down your canyon while you're in it), local officials (say, those park rangers who know the area better than you do) tell you they don't advise canyon travel, or you just don't have a good feeling about it.
2007 All-Ford Auto Show 'n' ShineNMRA Ford Nationals Auto Show & Shine The Ultimate All-Ford Auto Show ExperienceThis year marks the ninth season for the NMRA Ford Nationals, and it's bigger and better than ever.
2. Still better than the stuff SyFy puts out 3. Liked it more than I liked the pilot of Terra Nova 4. If they could show blood it would be better.
1) A big, long, hot bath with some good bath salts (my favorites are the Neals Yard Lavander Bath Salts ). 2) An episode of Mad Men (it is my absolute favourite show at the moment and there is nothing better than zoning out to a good TV show) and watching it while I am soaking in the hot bath with a face mask on.
After all, habits like that didn't go away so easily, and I was starting to think that maybe I knew that better than anyone.
After a mixed result in June when retail sales rose a better-than-expected 0.6% but volumes were flat, analysts are guiding for a more positive read for August.
08) BRAD MAJORS' ASSHOLE-VISION IN THE ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW He can show me how a butterfly masturbates, kick a tire better than anyone I know, and beg for mommy in a way that makes 5 year olds after nap time envious.
After assessing their progress on several measures, Bull concluded that, "With respect to reading and reading abilities, the results ... show that the vernacular children read significantly faster and better than the control subjects.
19:4  While he himself went a day's journey into the waste land, and took a seat under a broom-plant, desiring for himself only death; for he said, It is enough: now, O Lord, take away my life, for I am no better than my fathers.
1147 The queen of the south shall rise in the judgement with the people of this generation, and condemn  1148 them:  for she came from the ends of the earth that she might hear the wisdom of Solomon; [6] [Arabic, p. 62] and behold, here is a better than Solomon.
3×3, they should not scare you take your belief, i think when tsunamis, hurricanes and bombing wash away lives, God is always in hiding not to die, do you think those people a very sin full better than i or you , so if its believing i do not believe in a Petty, Coward God of Christian, Moslem's or the God all people at large as portrayed!!!!
A combination of an airport express that only stopped at those five stops with a local service that stopped at local stations along the line would be much better than either of the options currently being studied, and would dramatically increase the line's ridership.
9 And if your eye causes you to stumble , tear it out and throw it away; it is better for you to enter life with one eye than to have two eyes and to be thrown into the hell of fire."
108 Maple Ridge Court Lexington, SC 29073-Homes for Sale in South Brook Homes for Sale in South Brook-Great location in desirable South brook just minutes to I-20 & Lexington Country Club! Better than new with all the bells and whistles.
A "European Germany" is far better than a "German EU", as the periphery have learned over the last 10 yrs, experiencing Germany's predatory financial tactics exacted with precision against them.
2. Systematists of this school do not believe that a classification that actually reflects phylogeny can be constructed; it is better to rely strictly on a method that does away with personal prejudices.
A few local guides specialize in black drum, none better than Vic Tyson (phone 904-699-2285), who has an enviable reputation for producing plenty of good fish for his clients.
After experiencing a little wild city life, there's nothing better than returning home to your quiet town to rest up for the next fun-filled day.
aerobeds are incredible, we've got a king size, full size one with built in inflator John Lewis sell them, they're not cheap but better than anything else I've seen and better than having an ugly sofabed bigger than my normal bed and very comfy
25, 2014: The 2015 GMC Yukon's next-generation IntelliLink infotainment system is better connected and offers passengers more choices for their increasingly plugged-in lifestyles.
18. Wake Me Up When September Ends - it was obvious how much passion was put into song, by everbody in the band, and about 3x better than the album verson.
68 Here I took in great store of pepper and cloves and cinnamon, in exchange for cocoa-nuts, and we passed thence to the Island of Al-Usirat, 69 whence cometh the Comorin aloes-wood and thence to another island, five days' journey in length, where grows the Chinese lign-aloes, which is better than the Comorin; but the people of this island 70 are fouler of condition and religion than those of the other, for that they love fornication and wine-bibbing, and know not prayer nor call to prayer.
2) A Disney Show secretly exploits her complete idiocy, such has hiding the fact he's famous (WtF?), making plans that obviously backfire, being a bitch to her fans and friends, and sings constantly about how her life is much better than ours, while at the same time she's nearly exposing her identity with the bull she calls "songs".
Actually is better to go and make sure that we cant get along with Baghdad and arabs then declare our Kurdish state, in order to show the world that we tried to get alone with arabs/Baghdad.
A confessed ''car nut'', Virgin Australia's chief executive loves nothing better than taking his Porsche for a spin when he can find some time away from his busy work schedule.
A 77-inch television with a curved screen and resolution four times better than today's high-definition TV will be a centerpiece of LG Electronics' product line-up at next week's International CES in Las Vegas.
9/23/97; Albany, NY; Pepsi Arena 9/29/97 - featured Vince McMahon conducting an in-ring interview to open the show with WWF European Champion Shawn Michaels, Triple H, Rick Rude, & Chyna regarding Michaels' upcoming Hell in the Cell match against the Undertaker at In Your House Badd Blood; after Triple H told McMahon he was better than all the "superstars" Vince had been pushing in recent years, Sgt.
#1 u are "NORMAL ITS CALLED LIFE LESSON" ITS HARD WORK TO BE SOBER!!I ALWAYS SAY WHEN I GO TO THE DOC IM ASK TODAY FOR A PILL FOR MOOD BUT I DONT I AM NOT A DOCTOR BUT I KNOW MY STEP CHILDERN HAVE LOTS OF MENTAL PROBLEMS THEY KEEP TUCKED AWAY IN THE BACK OF THIER "HEART" I BELIEVE TXT OR E MAIL IS BETTER THAN FACE TO FACE SPEAKING .
Adam however has made it known he's in to win regardless whose voice is better, new contestants will be wary.
"2Q13 GDP is expected to be a very low +0.3%, leaving first half growth at only slightly better than 1% annualized, as the economy absorbed the heaviest impact of an estimated 1.7%% of GDP fiscal tightening this year," warned Morgan Stanley's Ted Wieseman who is much more bearish than the consensus.
A calculated gamble on a non-league player you can pick up for next to nothing (Leeds United signed Beckford for £45,000 in March 2006) seems far better than an expensive former Premier League player on his way down the leagues who some fans may suggest may not have the enthusiasm or hunger required to be a success at a lower level.
1982 Churchill Crusted Port - another from my cellar, needed something to go with the cheese, modest, but serviceable a bit hot in the nose, decent fruit and surprisingly decent length, better than the last time I remember having it.
[ 28 ] Rene Rodriguez of The Miami Herald thought that the film devolved into a guessing game of who would survive, though he praised Marshall's "nightmare imagery" for generating scares that work better than other horror films.
AAA titles are letting out demos, and better games than Black Ops 2. \r\n\r\n-Shooting someone in the face, and then dying gets old after 10 days, the player loses hope of ever defeating the dreaded lag.\r\n\r\n\r\nGot on MP a week ago, two or three games went badly, the next two games went slightly better than even.
After a few days of wearing the collar in the early morning when barking would piss off the neighbors, I only need to trigger the warning beeps from inside the house, my dog recognizes the sound and hurries to her spot next to gate and lays down quiet as a mouse.All in all, the product as good, if not slightly better than I expected.
1. Control what your audience sees 2. Attack the person, not the argument 3. Argue against straw men 4. Deflect attention away from the specific criticism 5. Racism, however ugly, is better than the alternative 6. Prove your opponent has mistaken some other quality for racism
A 37' 6.75 mark on her third attempt was nearly six feet better than the next competitor.
3 months ago I used iPhone 4 and was good, also I test the iPhone 4S and there is no many changes, right know I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S2 and is better, faster, big display, lighter and cheaper.
After all, you can sing wonderful songs (better than what you'd hear at your parish), listen to fantastic podcasts (better the sermons at your local parish), and fellowship with "less annoying people" at your home and volunteer on your own time.
About me hey, I've been away fora long time , but now im back ^^ i'll be trying to draw as much as i can, but this time i think ill be better than when i letf i think i've grown up alot  haha im friendly so give me a message haha
"Abba Amoun of Nitria came to see Abba Anthony and said to him, 'Since my rule is stricter than yours how is it that your name is better known amongst men than mine is?' Abba Anthony answered, 'It is because I love God more than you.'"
1.she risked her live to find ash in the power of one movie then when ash a pika hu turned into ghosts she cried but wiped away her tears before he saw them and their goodbye was better than when he said goodbye to May or dawn I don't care for iris though
Across the Atlantic, however, there is a band of Dutchmen who would like nothing better than to help pick the next President of the U.S. Since they cannot, they have formed a group called Aktie (for Action) Precedent to try to influence U.S. votes.
9. Contrive opportunities to 'show' the live action more, 'Film' must be contextual, you can't just 'live-stream' - but we could have done this better than just letting audience members film and share raw from the room.
3 forwards are better than 2. Just because one of our guys hasn't found the net in a few games, doesn't mean he won't pop up and have a scorcher in the next.
[13] Over the next few weeks, Khali and Daivari continued to proclaim that Khali was better than the Undertaker, [14] [15] however, on May 5, General Manager Long told Khali and Daivari that the Undertaker had challenged Khali to a match at Judgment Day.
A bad dad on the Shannon Burke show is a hell of a lot better than a good day on The so called Monsters in the Morning show.
2  So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
5 54 The queen of the south shall rise in the judgement with the people of this generation, and condemn 199 them: for she came from the ends of the earth that she might hear the wisdom of Solomon; and behold, here is a better than Solomon.
2. The other supposition, which is as evident in reason as the former is in experience, is this: that God is better than men, and that there is infinitely more goodness in him than in the best man in the world; because goodness in its most exalted degree, and highest perfection, is essential to that notion which all men have of God; and this being a common 111 principle, in which men are universally agreed, no man can gainsay it.
After all, Microsoft went to the trouble to pre-brief me, but I just cant say it any better than I can show it.
After all, what says romance better than spending relaxing afternoons or evenings next to the one you love?
3M posted a better-than-expected fourth-quarter profit, although volatile exchange rates on foreign currency and weak growth in South America caused revenue to come in lower than Wall Street expected.
32 JP Walker Prospect Boots - (i like these alot) Burton Custom Bindgins (these are average as I feel they may break sooner rather than later) Apeture board (zumiez house brand) - It's better than renting, but in the spring/summer I plan on getting something better...
2010 is only a few hours away and while I believe that the concept of New Year's Resolutions is flawed and ridiculous, what better than blogging to resolute to for the new year?
[ 35 ] The reason being that the Mongols could not, in his opinion, be true Muslims despite the fact that they had converted to Sunni Islam because they ruled using what he considered 'man-made laws' (their traditional Yassa code ) rather than Islamic law or Sharia , whilst believing that the Yassa code was better than the Sharia law.
1) Prince Amukamara - A perfect fit for the Lions 2) Da'Quan Bowers - Knee injury or not he has the potential to be a stud, even if it takes a year 3) Cameron Jordan - multi-positional player that would fit our system better than you think 4) Aldon Smith - Huge Ceiling on a young player 5) Julio Jones - would look nice next to CJ but would be a Luxury
Administration officials and congressional aides said the White House timed the actions to occur before next week's Republican National Convention, where the president will argue that he is better able than Democratic nominee John Kerry to protect the country.
A blog by journalists who covered the election at the U.K.'s Guardian took a dig at Romney in an item entitled, "Olympic levels of Schadenfreude": "The London Olympics went rather better than Mitt Romney's presidential campaign," the Guardian bloggers noted, referring to Romney's July visit to London, when he infuriated the British by implying they weren't well prepared for the Games.
1. Crawford Trade is still not a winner to me until I see him perform better than Flip did last year and Ramon Sessions ends up sucking and DeJuan Blair isn't the next coming of Charles Barkley as a rebounder AND Acie Law doesn't become the equal of Jeff Teague in the rotation for the Warriors.
After being sent away from Coruscant on the Empire Forever , Veshiv was annoyed that he was on a corvette, which was not any better than the ships that had transported him when he was a senator.
A Friday evening at home, where, once the Friday evening curry goat is dispatched and the children locked safely away under the sofa-bed, I like nothing better than to sit back and talk all the way through Coronation Street.
(225 school days) However, to find the answer to why kids from South Korea test better than our kids, the comparison cannot be limited to length of school.
A famous algorithm by Peter Shor shows that quantum computers can factor an n-digit integer in n³ steps, exponentially better than the number of steps required by the best known classical algorithms.
3  When he was not chosen as one of the three hundred, 179 which was rated as the highest honour in the State, he went away cheerful and smiling; but when the Ephors called him back, and asked why he was laughing, he said, "Because I congratulate p387 the State c for having three hundred citizens better than myself."
A bottle with a real cork rather than a plastic one is better for a number of reasons: cork lets the wine breathe while it's in the bottle, plastic doesn't; cork is produced mainly in Spain and Portugal and the oak forests that produce it are amongst the best managed in the world and are the reason why South Spain is not a lifeless desert; cork is bio-degradable.
216 pages 6" x 9" Softcover ISBN-13: 978-0-8389-0881-5 Year Published: 2004 They say two heads are better than one, and nowhere is this more evident than in the possibilities that grow out of libraries collaborating on collection development.
After having taken about a decade off from writing to pursue a career in film and then policing, Shepherd is back in the writing ring and intends to come out swinging with a high fantasy horror serial killer mystery novel, because if one genre is good, more is better.
[ 65 ] [ 66 ] According to the review, "if women in the book are sometimes treated as a commodity, they come out looking better than the men, who can be downright loathsome-and show themselves eventually to be pretty sad, dysfunctional characters."
"1. Create new industry (DVDs by mail) 2. Do it way better than anyone else 3. Drive nearly all the competitors out of the DVD rental business and have a near-monopoly 4. Build up over a decade of brand recognition 5. Throw it all away.
Across the Gulf Coast, among people who have lost much, and suffered much, and given to the limit of their power, we are seeing that same spirit - a core of strength that survives all hurt, a faith in God no storm can take away, and a powerful American determination to clear the ruins and build better than before.
After each announcement, younger hand says "good", meaning elder's is better and can be scored, "not good" if younger has a better combination, or "equal" in which case elder gives more information then younger says good or not good, or equal if they are precisely equal, in which case neither player scores.
After citing other reputable international studies, Dr Farquar concluded, "The best evidence does not show that good quality ECE is better necessarily than care within the family or has a greater impact on children's achievement and other outcomes...It may be that if unbiased information on potential risks and the size of benefits is given to parents in a timely manner, then parents can make more informed choices and manage risks to better advantage their child's development."
2nd the grammys don't owe hip-hop but they should look outside and see that Hiphop is the new majority, I'm saying put them in a better spot with the Pop and Rock genres side by side because we are doing better than them anyways and it would be pretty stupid to put them in a pre-telecast.
[ 44 ] Mina Bissell , a world-renowned breast cancer researcher and collaborator in this study stated "Our data show that at lower doses of ionizing radiation, DNA repair mechanisms work much better than at higher doses.
1. Any Romero movie (some better than others of course) 2. John Carpenters the THING 3. Alien (yes the 1st one was considered sci-fi horror) 4. The Exorcist 5. Nightmare on Elm Street 6.
12/19/2008 9:07:50 AM Better Than Phelps: Hot, Golden, Swimming Nanowires Zap Cancer The next big thing in cancer treatment may be hotter, covered in more gold, and even be a better swimmer than recent Olympic champion Michael Phelps.
After he had gotten into this proud condition he probably thought that he could do better than God; and in his endeavor to show what he could do, he brought his own downfall and brought the human family into sin and death.
1-1 is a lot better than 0-2 when the next two games are at Chicago and Houston.
about how the Imperium he stood for and fought for had to be better than this, colours across the stars, the triumph and shield, the meaning and hope of the human race, had to do better than the death by squandering, handing over slices of the human race year after year as tribute to the Great Enemy.
A flaked sea salt from South Africa or Maldon salt from England is much better than fleur de sel when sprinkled on focaccia just prior to placing the batter in the oven.
A former high level City department head gave Burke the nickname, Lex Luther of Superman fame, which is better than oily eddie.
107 Bridge St., Bradenton Beach, owner Jake Spooner said retail sales were better than last year, but cool weather kept some visitors away from his adventure golf course, The Fish Hole.
#14 I agree with most of what you said, except that Marquis is "definitely" better than Maine and OP, I think he is definitely more of a known qty than either of them, but I think both have a higher upside for what they could do next year than Marquis.
17th time reading this sad but didn't cry this time in the end is cody dead or unconscious and the characters are not fulfilled to their full potential and drew is over exaggerated you could have done better sustaining the characters personalities a little better than you did if i could get my cousins to care enough to read fanfic about their own show than they would agree thats right dylan&cole are my cousins other than that great story
After Gee's death in 1986, Dennis become more of an all-round light entertainer, and nowadays is better known for having been the longest-serving host of Family Fortunes , and breaking down in the Big Brother house.
After hearing many horror stories by people I met in my situation I was very glad to have him represent me, my case outcome was much better than others who were not in a situation as severe as mine.
3.k price you can look at vodafone 858 smart or mts mtag (cdma) ...which are far better than this phone...Dont buy promblems...a humble request...:)
9  And if your eye causes you to stumble, tear it out and throw it away; it is better for you to enter life with one eye than to have two eyes and to be thrown into the hell [ a ] of fire.
7. If you want to show screenshots of your game, or tell people about it, that would be ok too (hopefully the game uses OpenGL ). 8. Flame wars about which API is better "OpenGL vs. DirectX" could probably go here, but I have seen sooooo many posts about it, I will most likely go crazy if I saw another one... Plus, the answer is obvious, OpenGL all the way (j/k I mean, I use DirectX, even D3D, quite a bit).
4. after finishing the remaining balance of photon, i;ll switch to bsnl, which is better i heard. 5. when the plans are in MB why they show us in KB.
1to1: You mention Learned Hand's theory that a multitude of voices is better for society than one authoritative selection in seeking the right conclusions.
[ 1 ] The album marked the first time she worked with Bello, who is better known by his stage name El Cata, and their collaboration started after Shakira expressed her desire to experiment with merengue music , saying "I grew up listening to merengue- that was a big part of my life, and I was missing it".
After having a few friends over for some mojitos, I was in the mood for salad the next day and had all the right ingredients -- better than the hair of the dog!"
Add in that Willie Mullins has openly said that he'll be keeping his classy Quevega to the Mares' only Hurdle at the Festival, then, once again, the opposition seems to be drying up - This time last week you could have got plenty of 5/4 on Paul Nicholls' inmate winning again next March, but you'll now be lucky to get anything better than 4/5.
2013: Auto-Owners Insurance Group received the rating of four power circles (better than most), scoring 819 points out of 1,000 points, which is 15 points (1.5%) above the regional average of 804 points on the 1,000 point scale.
2erhaps there is a climatic reason for Harz mountain birds to be stronger and more melodious than others; per haps the breeders there learned the i busin'ess better than other breeders i 250 years ago when the birds were 4 first taken to Europe; perhaps it just j happened so.
According to Shaun King: -Raheem is a great coach -Mark Dominik set Rah up to fail -Gruden is a horrible guy and not even a good coach -Shaun King was far better than Trent Dilfer and should have never been replaced by Brad Johnson -Josh Freeman is elite -Tony Dungy great, Jon Gruden sucks, Raheem great, Mark Dominik the reason the team collapsed -Was a Bucs fan before the Glazers bought the team, so don't tell him that you are gonna build a winning team without Dungy or Raheem
1. Stan Musial - I wouldn't trade him if you offered me the next 3 on the ballot 2. Yogi Berra - Terrific hitter for a catcher, terrific catcher for a hitter 3. Biz Mackey - Giving Bob Boone credit for the defense and longevity but keeping the 98 OPS+ 4. Clark Griffith - He's clearly better than his contemporaries 5. Cool Papa Bell - Better than Ashburn and I'd have Ashburn right about here.
18:9  And if your eye is a cause of trouble to you, take it out, and put it away from you: it is better for you to go into life with one eye than, having two eyes, to go into the hell of fire.
A free show, flooded with cool brews far better than the Keystone pack chilling at home.
1) When I am shooting something really far away and would have to crop my images really severely, say 150-200% to get a decent image, then the TC is better because the base image does not do so well when cropped above 150%, and
After a period, say three months, check if someone needed the item or not. A. Sell to outside the company B. Move to other section where the item is needed C. Throw it away, or dispose as garbage D. It is better to make people know who has the authority for disposal E. Make known to the people where to return excessive stock of materials and supplies.
2014 The Last Five Years (performer: "Still Hurting", "See I'm Smiling", "A Part of That", "A Summer in Ohio", "The Next Ten Minutes", "A Miracle Would Happen/When You Come Home to Me", "Climbing Uphill", "I Can Do Better Than That", "Goodbye Until Tomorrow/I Could Never Rescue You")
11-5 one year, 7-2 and Super Bowl losers the next (of course, then they dropped the experiment the next year, but Dan Marino was better than anyone this side of Joe Montana at the time anyway...still can't believe he fell that far in the first round!).
1. Animal Kingdom - Two By Two 2. Arctic Monkeys - When the Sun Goes Down 3. Ash - Kung Fu 4. Badly Drawn Boy - Born again 5. Better Than Ezra - Good 6. Biffy Clyro - Many of horror 7. Bikinians - Rhinocirrhosis 8. Bombay Bicycle Club - Evening, morning 9. Burn Before Reading - Markers 10.
A brown shoe is lost in the snow when you lay next to the handsome boy with the appropriate hands as He whispers, "You're better than you think you are."
A brief unsigned 1961 article about Szilard in Life Magazine quotes Szilard as saying, "IUm all in favor of the democratic principle that one idiot is as good as one genius, but I draw the line when someone takes the next step and concludes that two idiots are better than one genius."
[ 122 ] Buckingham himself provides evidence that he slept in the same bed as the King, writing to James many years later that he had pondered: "whether you loved me now ... better than at the time which I shall never forget at Farnham, where the bed's head could not be found between the master and his dog".
2. I think their next mistake was in viewing the Hard Rock brand as 'special,' 'unique' and worse 'better than just The Beatles.' Now, don't get me wrong: the idea of a theme park with different zones themed to different musical genres is certainly more complete an experience than dedicating a park to just one band, but Hard Rock ISN'T a unique brand or experience.
2. Here's my "next move" suggestion (and I won't be offended if you choose Door #1 over this, since you know the players better than I do): The scenario we're in is that we have you, and two siblings.
Admittedly that was in a very small sample size, and it'd be ludicrous to expect Mesa to replicate that at the Major League level, but it's not out of the question to think he could do better than Jones' .209/.291/.411
According to his analysis Black can equalize in both lines though the queen moves is better, which is not so well-known.
24-70 f/2.8 II CONs: -Lacks image stabilization, may require more skill/effort to get good shots, not as good for video -Heavier/bigger -Expensive, if not overpriced -Larger 82mm filter thread, though this is one reason the image quality is better
4.4 Lower Bound to Computational Distribution Following Jacobs and Berlekamp [30], we show that with the assumption of correct decoding no algorithm of BSD type can have a computational distribution better than N2°.
[1]   The only thing that I can do, that anybody can do for the moment till there is better evidence of this particular culture is to look at the other masters of stone carving and see how they did it.
7. Luminosity: Ignite the Night - 2014 Edition : This high-energy show promises to be better than ever in 2014 with an all-new lineup of music, dancing and a dazzling display of pyrotechnics!
14:10:09 Me: its the kind of book that is better on a re-read 14:10:25 Me: the first time you are too consumed with trying to figure out what is going on 14:10:39 Me: the next times, you can just enjoy the words and descriptions 14:10:44 R.: although so beautiful
2:14 FUCK u to ur first point and amen to ur third star wars was a great movie @ least the new ones were the old ones are mad geeky but the new ones are stories of politics plotting deception romance and action I swear the phantom menace has to be the greatest movie ever I have seen no movie better than that as for star trek yea the show was geeky but I saw the movie the other day and my god it was great and I kinda knew what they were talking about cause its pop culture
5.0 out of 5 stars Totally Great 10 Oct 2013 Having read the first in the series, Naked Hero - The Journey Away,I was expecting to be disappointed by this sequel.This book, I can honestly say, is even better than the first.
Absolutely, but this time when I add it, it's so I can sit outside in the yard and enjoy my coffee and reflect while Annie (my dog) toodles around and plays, and I come back to the next task better than I was before.
After a string of record-breaking launch weekends, a smartphone landscape that's more competitive than ever and pressure to keep up with a "bigger is better" mobile industry mentality, the iPhone 6 generation will have a lot riding on it when Apple finally makes its launch announcement.
21 years down the line my English/Geordie is better than my German ever was (much to my fathers dismay)and Mr. Buchanan has at least a small part to play in this...Next time my dad tells me off for my lack of correct spelling and punctuation of the German language, i will tell him to blame PB,!!!
15.05.2010 by DANCEHALL ENTERTAINMENT WEBSITE  Minott, who is better known as Rado, was reportedly shot in Spanish Town last night and has been admitted to hospital there.
Actually, I do believe they look 90% better than skyrim, the only problem is the low-poly models, the textures are much higher res and thus don't really need normal maps to look pretty and also there are actually some decent post-processing effects, quoting enbseries developer Boris Vorontsov "Skyrim uses next to no post-processing effects."
6-13-70 is a joyous, high-energy show, perhaps the earliest tape where the audience recording sounds better than the soundboard!
10:49 - Hardwick says he's about to exit the stage, because the "next thing is better than me" he says, as we prepare to move on from Mad Max.
1. Linger - Jonatha Brooke 2. Short Skirt, Long Jacket - Cake 3. Recognize - Better Than Ezra 4. The Middle - JImmy Eat World 5. Rest Of The Day Off - Neil Finn 6. Bubble Toes - Jack Johnson 7. Don't Be Sad - Whiskeytown 8. You've Got To Hide Your Love Away - Eddie Vedder (Eddie was commissioned to do the version by Sean Penn for the film "I Am Sam") 9. Someday - The Strokes
A $190 guitar with $350 mods, that now sounds better than every "under $1000" guitar i own or have owned, and better than my $1800 peavey wolfgang custom and my fender showmaster.
A bit more surgery was required when I realised the back 'grill' detail was completely missing and there was a large blob of resin in one of the corners which was an absolute shoot to get rid of once I'd ground most of that away I set about scratch building the grill detail, its not 100% accurate but its a darn sight better than it was, now onto the real painting
Abigail grinned at her potion as it was a shade off from Theodores, and much better than Susan Bone's brown bubbling potion on the next desk.
$50 today is a lot better than a promise of $100 some time off in the future, especially when attorneys fees are eating away at that hundred dollar value.
11am CEST sees the Find 5 officially arrive in Europe with the launch of the new OPPO Style Europe store The OPPO Find 5 is an intriguing device, and as we found out in our full review, much better than some may give it credit for.
6mm cord is strong enough but doesnt have the same resitance to cutting or abrasion that a thicker rope has, I use offcuts of old lead rope that are still sound (confidence inspiring) although static line is better as it doesnt stretch which can cause abrasion of the rope on the crag-top edge (your main [abseil/climbing] rope must always be dynamic however).
After 'death,' your soul goes to the Other Side, which is better known as heaven.
(2:32 AM ET) LONDON (MarketWatch) -- U.K. clothing retailer Next PLC(UK:NXT)on Wednesday lifted its profit forecast for the year as it said first-quarter sales were "significantly better than expected" thanks to warm weather over Easter and increased spending ahead of the royal wedding bank holiday.
27  To hold me so close a prisoner, watch me wherever I go, track my foot-prints, 28  when I am no better than rotting carrion, than a garment fretted away by the moth!
2. The White Paper suggested that " as part of its plan for sustaining citizenship and civil society, the Trust, following consultation, might decide that one of its objectives should be to explain issues behind the news better than any other broadcaster."
Actually i just back fr Bali ,..will be going to Bali again next year for surfing,but i not really at it.My skill is better now,...i have local friends in Bali,that will be easy for me to arrange if i in Bali.
A fire retardant product protects the more vulnerable underlying wood frame better than materials that are more easily combustible or melt away exposing the sheathing.
360 will more than likely have a shorter life cycle than PS3 even with it doing better than Xbox1, MS just will want to get a head start again also the fact they launched a year earlier puts them in that spot, the overall worldwide sales of 360 will also force them to launch earlier again also.
"#3 we know she is jealous, for no reason, she gets all the fun at her moms (going to concerts, going to disney world) and all the fun of her dads (cruises and the zoo, and the museum) she gets it better than any normal child does"
31 March]: "One of these lists [of members of the Sterling Club] fell into the hands of the 'Record' newspaper & combining this with Hare's Life of Sterling it charges Hare, Maurice, Trench, these bishops, & innumerable others with founding a society to honour & commemorate an infidel, & joining for that purpose with persons strongly suspected of being no better than infidels themselves, such as Carlyle & me.
30 Second Wine Tasting Tip: How 75% can be better than 100% Which would you rather drink: A wine that's made 100 percent from a single grape variety like Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay or Merlot ... or one made from a blend of more than one grape?
18. Margaret Thatcher - ADMIRE MOST AGAINST: Poll tax; handing back Hong Kong (turned out better than anyone hoped, though); supported Pinochet, apartheid South Africa, and John Major; didn't notice that Nigel Lawson's rocket fuel was fucking the British economy.
2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Does not Does not meet Cannot be Better than Designated area meet primary secondary classified national standards standards standards ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Cumberland-Keyser Interstate AQCR, Election District No. ............ ............ X ............ 8, Luke, Md............................................ Remainder of State...................................... ............ ............ ............ X ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Maryland--Carbon Monoxide ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Designation Classification Designated area ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Date \1\ Type Date \1\ Type ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Baltimore Area Baltimore City (part) Regional Planning District No. 118 12/15/95 Attainment ......... (generally corresponding to the Central Business District).
1)drink tea instead of coffee (nobody steeps better than homemade)2)colour your own hair (buy professional quality tube colour, add activator in bowl, paint on with brush save $100.00 a month)3)cut your own hair(buy pro quality scissors, cut ends only, save $50.00)4)buy designer clothing on ebay at a fraction of the price(get a seamstress measuring tape first)...5)paint on thicker canvases that don't require framing (save $500.00 a year)6)buy favorite art supplies cheaper buy searching pricepoint online (save another $500.00
2.] What are the companies producing the products?? 3.] Does it seem sensible to begin studying all the identifiable "metro" companies, or are there 2 or 3 that stand far enough better than others that it would be reasonable to narrow study to these 3:
1. Glenn Greenwald Is Always Smarter/Better Than You This morning on MSNBC's "Morning Joe," Greenwald got into a minor tiff with show co-host Mika Brzezinski when she dared to question the conclusions he drew in his reporting, namely that what the NSA has been doing for years is very likely illegal.
Adding a prefix or suffix or its deminutive form has already certain expressive meaning: NEKOVAR (a smith who is better to keep out of the way), TESARIK (a carpenter, rather small by the skill or height).
9. Arizona (3-1, 0-1) Last week: 10 Result: Lost at Washington 31-13 Next up: Bye, then at USC Comment: Cats looked better than I expected in Seattle considering the creampuff run-up.
02/26/2013 - mark This place is ran by very nice people and the food is much better than the fast food joints that are next door to their location.
A dog will never win a marathon, runners frequently run their dogs to collapse; a contest between horses and humans ends with the humans leaving the herd behind at better than fifty miles or so.
1)Nazir (although would fail in some matches but better than farhats and butts who will consume lots of overs without scoring) 2)Afridi (same as above) 3)Younis (one and only) 4)Yousuf (one and only) 5)Inzi (one and only) 6)Malik (knows how to pace the innings) 7)Razzaq (deadly) 8)Akmal (no other option at this moment.
9. Sibylle Baier  Colour Green   Even better than finding a rare record most people don't know about, Orange Twin goes one better: a release of a 30 year old record that was home recorded and never released.
A definite cult highlight within the Tuller community, Slipstream contains a live show with a rendition of "Black Sunday" that's probably better than anything off the A album itself.
According to it, just one in six Americans believe that job opportunities for the next generation will be better than for theirs; five years ago, four in 10 held that view.
10.05.2012 [Independent Online] - By Helen Herimbi I don't know how you feel about it, but watching horror flicks in a group is way better than being home alone like a young Macaulay Culkin and having less fun.
After a substantial supper and a bottle of Scotch ale he is ever a philosopher, with the tenets of Epicurus, and desires nothing better than a new lease of life, with permission to live on the Gurnet, with his dog and gun, and observe the revolution in thought which he foresees will take place within the next twenty-five years even among the fossilized inhabitants of old Plymouth.
2. Earnings results weren't just better than expected but show Facebook executing in all the major areas about which Wall Street has been nervous.
After all, what better than a neon pink female urination device (affectionately, a FUD) to show your love, gratitude and appreciation on your wedding day.
1/4 mile isn't it, and while 0-100 helps to flesh out launch and shift disparities better than 0-60, it still isn't good enough to use as a metric once a bunch of hypercars get down to the 6 second range of the mclaren and bugatti.
[ 10 ] Schumann also once said that "we must not show our heart to the world: a general impression of a work of art is better; at least, no preposterous comparisons can then be made."
A' Beautiful buildings have been AV erected by modern architects ' truly architects, masters of their art -and the student unable to visit Europe cannot do better than to consider carefully the effect produced, and that which has produced the effect.
Absolutely love this show and yes, its far better than CC, but being fair to CC it is targeted at a much broader audience than TBL - as in more casual riders and a broader range of disciplines ( i.e MTB, BMX ).
Actually, another way in which it has sort of dated is in terms of certain actors now being better known for other things: in particular, Sarandon is better known to genre fans as bad Prince Humperdinck in The Princess Bride , and it's hard to Amy seriously when she's played by psycho neighbour Marcy from Married With Children ...
A church that is better known for what it is for than what it is against (not dismissing sin or the call to holiness but recognizing our world needs to know the Christ of hope and not condemnation!).
2. Arians will be exposed as a HC this season in AZ with limited talent at QB, but to be fair what HC wouldn't 3. Our offense under Haley this year will be better than last year because Ben seems to be embracing it, Wallace is gone (hence taking away Ben's worst addiction waiting for deep patterns to open while passing on sure gains shorter) and we have a very good RB in Bell.
8 clicks difference in length or 0.07% which is not great but a factor of 20 better than before - I need to get better at riding the same path each time.
3. And may that (holy man) approach toward that which is the better than the good 7 , he who will show to us the straight paths of (spiritual) profit, (the blessings) of this corporeal life, and of that the mental  8 , in those veritably real (eternal  9 ) worlds, where dwells Ahura; (that holy man) an offerer of Thine  10 , O Mazda! a faithful citizen  11 , and bountiful of (mind).
4. Islands of Adventure: When building this park next to its Florida 'studio' park, Universal did something very unusual: they made a second park that was BETTER than the original.
7. Joni Mitchell - "Big Yellow Taxi" Born Roberta Joan Anderson in Fort Macleod Alberta, Canada she is better known for her stage name - Joni Mitchell.
1998 scenic R reg, I can work the keyhowever only one other person has been able to, the reason i bought the car was for my wife to use for the family so have saved masses of cash with this code thank you i did pay a renault dealer £15 for my code, better than £150 for a new key!
14. Lauren Sierra Thomas, Psy.D. - Best Relationships Ever - ebook, " Fall in Love: With Your Body Now" - Lauren understands relationships better than anyone I've ever read or known.
2010 has been quite turbulent in terms of pricing, competitiveness and then I believe within that environment we did quite much better than our main competitors which gives us basically a lot of confidence as we go into 2011 there because if you look more specifically at 2011, we are quite optimistic.
18. Distribution Index (nc) Update When c is better than p1 and p2 then the distribution index for the next generation is calculated as (6).
A fourth loss would mean Houston would have to drop three of five, including the game at Foxborough, and Baltimore would need to go no better than 3-3 the rest of the way.
According to The Hollywood Reporter , the TLC reality show "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" did well enough Wednesday night among the 18 to 49 age demo to do better than the coverage of the Republican National Convention.
"Affleck and his cronies should've known better than to rush the wife of the most powerful man in human history," Secret Services' spokesperson Tague Llewelyn said.
3. Because I believe very strongly that the whole point of sports is to become better , and therefore I believe that playoff-based systems (which in the end determine which team had become the best by the end of the season) capture the spirit of sport better than do round-robin tournaments (which give just as much weight to how a team starts out as they do to how a team ends), I think it is fair to argue that a team that lost early has caught and passed the undefeated team.
5. If the length of the plot in east-west direction is more than that in north-south direction, it is better.
Actions are better than words... the "good" Muslim community in LBTH needs to mobilise, identify who are the intolerant people and show them how strongly they disagree with their actions... the radicals are not going to suddenly change their view after reading Pink News (as if they do) they are going to carry on regardless, words are not going to achieve anything other than give a false impression that things have got better.
Advocates for climate cap-and-trade legislation couldn't get it any better than this, what with stronger Democratic majorities on both ends of Capitol Hill and President-elect Barack Obama a week away from taking office.
A diner was known for cheap greasy food that was, sometimes, better than you could imagine or find any where else.
A COACH 2.TALENT SCOUT 3. GENERAL MANAGER 4. NOT GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL THIS YEAR IN THE HOUSE HE BUILT!!! and levito the chance of the giants loseing to the cowboys next week , is like saying colt mcoy is better then peyton manning lol !
Adobe allays worries; Sets up for CS4 launch   -  Adobe's third quarter earnings handily topped Wall Street estimates and the company projected fourth quarter results that are in line to better than what analysts were expecting.
A female lecturer told me this was why women had to be better than men to get to the higher jobs in the modern science world, no longer is it to get noticed but more to keep the wolves away once you are there.
1.Better Than Life 2.Glory 3.Ever Living God 4.Need You Here 5.My Hope 6.Still 7.Angels 8.Can't Stop Praising 9.You Are / You Are Lord 10.Here I Am To Worship / Call 11.Highest 12.Song of Freedom 13.Shout Your Fame 14.Exceeding Joy 15.King Of Love 16.To The Ends of the Earth 17.Free
4  But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
[0302] Next, when Sample A and Sample B are contrasted, Sample B using small median diameter has become loose slightly of the increasing trend in thermal conductivity Therefore, it is considered that the step of "pulverizing" is better to delete to increase the thermal conductivity.
7. Planning a Contest Set goals for contest - Sales, branding, social engagement Set budget and staff time What are you giving away? - It has to be worth winning How long will the contest run? - Shorter is better How will people enter contest?
A division of toy icon Mattel, Fisher Price knows battery operated ride on toys better than anyone else having manufactured the Power Wheels line of electric ride on trucks and cars for over 30 years.
1. Sampras - honestly, to see him play live, he didn't blow me away the way i had expected (possibly due to expectations being too high, or his efficiency being too high), but his record is better than anybody else's (n.b.
According to CCAP's e-mail,  Glenn M. Cannon, director of the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency  will examine transitioning the commonwealth's county-operated 9-1-1 system to a "modern IP-based Next Generation 9-1-1 system" that we assume will work better than that emergency radio thingie we keep hearing about that never works.
1. Momentum - Whether Germany were better than England doesn't matter.
2011, I challenge you to show me how a kid's prospects without a degree can lead to anything better than Wal-Mart these days (where they're probably competing with college graduates for entry level jobs, dontcha know).
A blue carnation hangin on your chest Clothes are all the best and you look so good A diamond studded ring on your little toe Made me wanna know could I talk to you Sometimes the dream is better than the truth An empty box all tied up in bows Ya came ya saw ya put on your show Ya told me that ya loved me now I know Come on and wiggle outta this
7. "Lily, I like you better than any girl I've ever known, but you have to understand, there are people who would kill boys like me for even looking at girls like you." -Zach, p.135
1. North, South Dakota Weathering Housing Crisis Better Than Most Hold the hokey jokes and "Fargo" quotes -- it turns out... Continue Reading
Above all, make completely certain the training your son or daughter gets by means of home schooling is as effective as or better than the training they would get in the local community college they will participate in.
After graduation, he wrote for Fortune and Time magazines, although he is better known for his later film criticism in The Nation.
About two years ago, when NewsCorp launched the iPad app and news organization called The Daily, I wrote a rather long post pointing out why it was misguided crap (even though I said it wasn't) -  but, hey, it employed 100 journalists and was at least better than another really awful idea,  so if Rupert Murdoch wanted to throw away his investors' money, what did I care?, I observed.
above light is 6million but front side looking more wider,if this was 3million but front angle or mirror made more close shape will be more better than higher million candles light,second important is while using on hunt at night wider light creat problems to shooter which visible the guide, helper even vehicle and boar,rabbit can judge the situation and run away:)
A few of the posts show why most market participants are doomed to failure - You cannot believe or accept that others are better than you.
actually i agree, WMP/itunes is better, i don't like silence during the gameplay especially in SAMP that's when i spend most of my time on foot, you don't have to minimize or anything during gameplay, if some ppl had the brainz/knew how to/had the keys they can use the hotkeys to pause, stop, go back, and next track.
A fan base that's lived through Kendrick post-2007 and Happ post-2009 should no better than to get carried away with a pitcher who had a good rookie season without knockout stuff, but after the Phillies won every game he started in June, July, and August, it's hard not to.
1. Analyze competitive offerings and industry trends to ensure Cole Taylor has a competitive product set with 'equal to or better than' feature functionality for assigned Commercial Cash Management products.
1. NY Giants 11-2 2. CAROLINA 10-3 (and with a chance for homefield advantage if Panthers could beat the Giants Dec.21) 3. Minnesota 8-5 4. Arizona 8-5 (has clinched division and no worse than a No.4 spot; could move to No.3 with win over Vikings next Sunday) 5. TAMPA BAY 9-4 6. DALLAS (6-4 conference record slightly better than Atlanta's 5-4, so 8-5 Falcons would be out at the moment, along with all the 7-win teams)
"2006 was better than last year, although our sales were relatively flat due to our decision to walk away from some commodity business where pricing was further deteriorating," said George Sickinger, CRI's chairman, CEO and president.
"After Dixie Carter did her show [Hardcore Justice] and paid the guys a ridiculous sum of money, $250 to go out there and do what we do better than most people do, that to me was just so disrespectful.
Admittedly, Ys II is better with this, but overall, everything is a whirl of action and speed before it all ends so quickly.
About 10 minute drive from the popular Watkins Glenn park, but local park that was only 2 minutes away (Havana Glen) was smaller but less crowded and you could even swim in the Glen's waterfall and there was a great playground - our kids enjoyed Havana Glen much better than the crowded Watkins Glen.
4 But he himself went a days journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper-tree: and he requested for himself that he might die, and said, It is enough; now, O Jehovah, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
According to Amin Sabooni at Iran Daily, John Negroponte, the new U.S. Ambassador to Iraq, is "Jewish and of Greek-American stock," and is better known at the "ambassador of death squads"...
1989 The same show that I was on with Hall & Oates and they were better than H&O.
A BETTER than expected rise in capital city house prices show home values are holding up well.
² Self-referential example: I was a little proud of myself for not posting this note when I first completed it, specifically because: by now, I really should know better than to post lengthy complex comments at 2AM... but too often, I do anyway.
2. In the battle of aces, can the bats do better than 1 ER and 4 hits over 7 IP that they got off of Peavy back on August 14?
1 Kings 19:4 But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper-tree: and he requested for himself that he might die, and said, It is enough; now, O Jehovah, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
2b- Edgardo Alfonzo in a runaway 1999-2000 are far and away the best 2 seasons by a Met 2b imho SS- Harrelson's OPS+ of 76 was better than Bowa and Buddy was a better fielder- Bowa was more durable and played on better teams- unfortunately for Buddy in the 60s, 70s and into the 80s SSs were often rated by how good their teams were not by how good they were.
11. Veronica Mars "Poughkeepsie, Tramps and Thieves" (January 30, 2007) Veronica Mars was so much better than any other network show on the air during its entire three-year run: a cathartic, postmodern-Marxist-feminist revenge-of-the-oppressed fantasy in which the jaded neo-Nancy Drew heroine (the wondrous Kristen Bell) uses the tools of modern law enforcement to exact a little payback against callow preppies, principals, rich kids, and dumb cops every week.
7 Ways Once Upon a Time in Wonderland Was Significantly Better Than Its Parent Show
3. Reformist Performance : Given what they had to work with, the reformists actually did better than expected (especially for seats where there were common candidates between the two main reformist/centrist groups: The Reformist Coalition and National Confidence Party).
"A Fair Tax is better for Illinois, top to bottom east to west, north to south.
After Germany coach Jogi Loew told the incoming Mario Goetze to "show to the world that you're better than (Lionel) Messi", the Bayern Munich man produced a moment bursting with the sort of quality that always seemed needed to break open such an intense, exacting encounter.
2007 - Market Report / U.S.A. - April 18th, 2007: "Better-than-expected economic and earnings reports Tuesday [04/17/07] enabled the stock market to extend its April comeback and push the Dow Jones industrial average 14 points away from a record close [12,773.04].
6. Creepshow & Midnight Horror Movie Party Best for... Rockabilly kids, tattoo junkies, Tisch students No one does creepy better than Coney: Join the C.I. crew for horror flicks and the "Creepshow at the Freakshow" haunted tour.
A box was brought to the witch and she pulled out the decomposing organs with a sniff of disapproval, "Next time, a cooler full of blood is better."
8-12-2013 The Lord says my plan for your life is much better than your plan for your life; if you will tap in to me and plug into my anointing, then I will show you the gateway of success hidden in your midst, and you will be surprised to see and to know what was in your midst all along, declares the Lord!
After all, the Secret Intelligence Service or MI6, as it is better known, was not any old outfit.
1.) I hope they dont go with a physical button 2.) The reason this will be better than the One X is if true, this will be quad-core with LTE radio on board meaning it will be the first quad-core you can get in the USA.
Adere was the next to crack and, like Johnson, she lost ground quickly, her stride deteriorating to little better than a shuffle as the runners weaved their way below the tower blocks of Canary Wharf.
17.He trained and master Sage Mode in a fraction of the time it took Jiraiya and mastered it better than he did.
Abbott leads a newly elected party where this fallout will be well forgotten by our next election and after SBY's party gets re-elected helped by the nationalistic underpinnings of this 'scandal' all will be even better than before between us.
3. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Dawn is the next entry in the "sequels that are better than their already good predecessors" cannon.
2 Samuel 18:3 King James Bible But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city.
2) Denard is OK at QB now because of the lack of depth...but in the long run, he is better off...much better off as a Slot Receiver or Slash/Percy Harvin type...thats just the way it is for next year...anyone can see that.
[ 14 ] Buckingham himself provides evidence that he gave in to the King's passion, writing to James many years later that he had pondered: "whether you loved me now...better than at the time which I shall never forget at Farnham, where the bed's head could not be found between the master and his dog'.
3/4 of a litre is a canny top up, me thinks you should check it more often and as a one off I wouldn't worry that much as the way I look at it any oil is better than no oil when push comes to shove, but as I said as a one off, as Lenny says next oil change put a flush in first and nice new filter and treat her to some nice correct oil, she will last longer.
Adam Lambert -- aka The Only Reason to Watch This Season -- has put together a Tim Curry-meets-Little Richard version of Wild Cherry's "Play that Funky Music," which causes Paula to gush he's the next Mick Jagger, and Kara to rave that it was "like Studio 57." Which, presumably, is three better than "Studio 54."
Add in to the mix that Canada feels the need to show they can play much better than they have done, so far.
2) Stocks with Hillbent's proprietary " E " (weakest) or " D " (next weakest) ranking in terms of negative fundamentals for revenue and earnings stability represent what is better known as the "Weekly Dogs With Fleas" watchlist.
506 Milburn Ave Millburn, NJ zip code: Coleman's Tuxedos 506 Millburn Ave, # B Short Hills, NJ zip code: Select from the listings above STAY AWAY FROM COLEMAN TUXEDOS Rating: 1.0 out of 5" by joemano at Citysearch 5/1/2012 STAY AWAY FROM COLEMAN TUXEDOS - you'd be better off renting a tuxedo from Life is full of varying shades of grade, but very few any better than the pearl grey 'Parisian' tuxedo coat by Jean Yves.
2. A top-of-the-line phone that will come out sometime in the middle of next year will be better than a top-of-the-line phone being released in the next month or two?
2. It's better than The Secret. 3. Little-known fact: a book uses only half the electricity of a computer!
014:59:18 Lind: It looks like you've got a pretty good platform up there, since the last P52 you had - you show about 1.4 in negative drift in Z, and the other two axes are better than that, so we're quite pleased with that down here.
after all, their team is made for postseason, A's is better baseball team in regular season but not postseason, and collectively their chemistry might be the best of baseball in 2012 (tough luck with coco basket catch tho + Cook WP an inning after), Yankees is just garbage with lots of their own problem and Orioles is only 1 JJ save away from knocking them out.. nevertheless, O's also have their bats went cold in wrong time.
12.            Nathan and Bathsheba - I Kings 1: 1-27 - This story is better than an episode of "House of Cards" - and in some ways it's reminiscent of the way Naomi and Ruth plotted together - while we've already talked about David, it's important to note how he resolves the situation with what amounts to a giant political rally - all of this comes together to make Solomon the next King of Israel.
According to FIP from last year or Steamer for next year, the Yankees 1-2 are better than the Red Sox 1-2.... Yes, it is rather close but the stats say it's the truth.
3. All of it's fans say it's better than Football but have never seen football game in there life (Unless they live in Germany)
9. Steelers 1978 -This edition was even better than the next year's team and beat a really good Dallas team in the Super Bowl.
After a few months of use the show very little wear and tear, much better than anything I tried from a hardware store(Home-depot, Do-it-Center)
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and flogs or stones them for falling in love.
[28]  This comment has no connection with the reality of the ancient world, and Acharya's 'reason' for its destruction is nothing better than malicious invention.
After Germany beat Brazil in an embarrassing fashion in the semifinal by five more goals than they beat the U.S., quick reaction from a few American fans was that if Brazil had lost by so much more than were the Americans better than we all thought?
A better than negligible chance of success is not all that DaimlerChrysler must show to reach the balancing phase of the analysis, but for reasons to be discussed in the balancing phase, DaimlerChrysler has shown that it has no adequate remedy at law-in other words, that an eventual award of money damages would not satisfy its injury, Praefke Auto Electric & Battery Co., Inc. v. Tecumseh Prods.
A few months ago I investigated HSAs in the Ultimate Retirement Account article and today, I'm going to tackle the Traditional IRA vs. Roth IRA debate and show that one actually is better than the other for future early retirees.
ACC-SEC Rankings 1. LSU Dominating opponents on line of scrimmage keeps them as favorite in SEC 2. Florida Survived a scare against Ole Miss; Tebow has the stuff to make a run at a repeat 3. Boston College Somewhat lackadaisical in win over Army; Matt Ryan best QB in ACC and SEC 4. South Carolina Over matched at LSU, but still have a shot in the East 5. Clemson Passed every test so far with ease; QB Cullen Harper has been better than expected 6.
Absolutely correct!However, although when you say that these people "should have known better than to succumb to political temptation" you are forgetting the attractions to them - pay, honours and prestige.
2. shocked the business world with both the scale and age of their unethical and illegal operations.model of corporate governance is better than the bank based Models of Germany and Japan.
3. Eugene Monroe, Pro Bowl tackle: I think this is one of those picks where Monroe is already a top 10 tackle in this league and now it is time (in his contract season) to step up and show he is even better than he is now.
2004 Four Winds Vineyard Chardonnay: Four Winds is better known for its Pinot Noir but in 2004 the Pinot Noir was completely decimated so the Chardonnay will have to carry on the family name for this vintage.
2014 was 100 times better than last year alone and we are looking forward to being part of the show next year.
According to the DBI, Jim is better known than brother John.
"A better question is this: What do we need to do to ensure that normal online behavior is better protected from fraud?" asked BC Krishna, president and CEO of MineralTree, a Cambridge, Mass.- based company that provides secure, online payment solutions.
Actually, she was five minutes walk from home but according to your logic she should have known better than try to walk it alone.
Adam, the founder of Global Minds Mandarin Preschool & Language Academy, knows this better than anyone, having spent almost seven years teaching English in Asia and Africa.
2012 was a year of change not only for Slackerwood -- we were taken under the wing of Austin Film Society, does it get any better than that?
After countless disappointments from humans who simply didn't get her geeky attitude, Bonnie decided droids are way better than boys anyway, and used the Star Wars Celebration V event, on August 13, as an opportunity to officially marry R2-D2, her longtime crush.
3) Write better lyrics - I know most fans don't listen to DC for the lyrics, but they've got to do better than "I look at my watch to find out the right time of day, look at her libido hey, hey, hey!" Every album until FOTW had lyrics you didn't feel stupid belting out.
8 And if your hand or your foot causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away; it is better for you to enter life maimed or lame than with two hands or two feet to be thrown into the eternal fire.
[ 5 ] They took the symbol, prevented my candidacy, but they did not take away what I believe I have that is better, namely my libertarian soul.
A. A CPI less than one indicates that cost performance is better than expected B. A CPI greater than one indicates that cost performance is better than expected C. A negative CPI indicates that cost performance is better than expected D. A positive CPI indicates that cost performance is better than expected Answer: B Question 185 You are currently the project manager for a software development project, developing a next generation data-mining tool.
After being fed up with Gem's selfish acts towards Christmas, she decides to do a parody of A Christmas Carol , to get Gem's act together, but she ends up discovering that kindness towards one another can work better than scaring.
According to the U.S. Department of Education (ironically, a champion of NCLB), studies show that schools using the Reading First program performed no better than schools that did not.
Across the Gulf Coast, among people who have lost much, and suffered much, and given to the limit of their power, we are seeing that same spirit -- a core of strength that survives all hurt, a faith in God no storm can take away, and a powerful American determination to clear the ruins and build better than before.
4:06 p.m. Eastern - On the "Live from the Presidents Cup" pre-game show, Brandel Chamblee agrees with Jack Nicklaus' comments aired the previous day "that the Presidents Cup is better than the Ryder Cup." Why? "Two of the nine (matches) have gone to Royal Melbourne, and that venue allows for separation."
According to organizers, the assemblage of Nobel laureates and Billboard chart-toppers attended numerous sessions at the four-day symposium, where they grappled with extant questions regarding the concept of forever that remained unresolved, such as whether forever is better conceived as an infinite, four-dimensional expanse of space-time or, rather, what one second feels like when you're away from your girl.
3 Now, O LORD, take away my life, for it is better for me to die than to live.
2. Neuropathy is a dynamic condition, somedays are better than others, so you might feel "cured" one day and rush to the ER the next one.
According to my guide, a local beer connoisseur by the name of M. Sickle, "The line up cannot be touched, even my least favorite of their beers is better than the next brewery.
Add to that schools/universities/students/teachers/scientists, welfare moms, unemployed, elderly and handicapped people - dividing the fortune among those would result in an outcry, but it would stimulate the economy much better than dumping it into the same system again, where it ends up as electronic impulses in computers just like before.
"2013 looks to be even more difficult [than 2012] but we expect Publicis to do even better than in 2012," Chief Executive Maurice Levy said in a briefing with journalists.
3. It would appear from the journals kept that a great portion of the country on the west coast of the York Peninsula, especially in the locality of the Mitchell River, is at times (I presume periodically) subject to inundation; the water, however, soon disappears from the flat and sandy land, and for the greater portion of the year, till the next rainy season, the country is destitute of water, and in other respects little better than an absolute desert.
5. City building, personally, I like it more that the city grows around your roads, it takes away the burden of micromanagement, comparing it to SC, which is the point of this review, it is better, not like SC2013 gives you many tools, just plop some zones and based on the road density, buildings plop out, well this mechanism is similar in CIM2, the road density affects the size of the building.
actually better than mine would swop it but this one is pink and mine is silver so don't think I would get away with it
"50 Greatest TV Shows of ALL TIME"?!?! Lost is number 5!?!? Better than The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Dick Van Dyke, The Twilight Zone, Frasier, etc etc?
55 North were next, but they were only slightly better than Postnatal Abortion-at least they (barely) knew how to scrape up the semblance of a melody every once in a while.
06 - Tag Wars 06, Dissension, Fourth Year Anniversary, Dragon Gate Challenge , Supercard of Honor , Better Than Our Best , 100th Show, Weekend of Champions: Night 2, Ring of Homicide , Destiny, In Your Face, Death Before Dishonor IV , War of the Wire 2, Fight of the Century, Unified , Anarchy in the UK , Glory By Honor V: Night 1, Glory by Honor V: Night 2 , Honor Reclaims Boston , Chicago Spectacular: Night 2, Final Battle 06
2005 Harley-Davidson FXDC/FXDCI Dyna Super Glide Custom Better than new HD Super Glide you buy new it cost you 1500. to change pipes and and breather 7000 actual miles 1450 ccs carborated detachable windsheild 5000 dollars in extra chrome chromed forward lower controls two sets of after market saddle ...
After helping take care of my sick mom, (thankfully she is better now) An then rushing back to Michigan because my grandpa passed away.
According to many, the Republicans will gain a majority in the U.S. House but likely won't in the Senate, Democrat John Hickenlooper will run away with the race for Colorado governor, and Republican Ken Buck has a better than even chance of defeating U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, the incumbent Democrat in the race.
1Xtra Live is back and is better than ever, hitting the road again and taking the show on the tour to four different venues in four different UK cities, starting with London, Brixton on the 12th November, before swiftly moving on to Manchester on the 13th, and then Liverpool on the 14th!
2.The south handles snow a lot better than ice,but ice is more likely in some parts of the south.Dallas is a good example.We are famous for semi annual ice storms,but snow is less common,handled better,and usually not very extensive.
After a two week contest challenging participants to produce fake screenshots of Mac OS X "Leopard" concluded, the winners were declared "better than the real thing" -- with a $1,000 prize pack going to the top contender.... Adobe has launched new eSeminars available via Adobe On Demand, offering courses that focus on helping designers learn tricks as well as design tips.... Early Bird pricing for the FlashForward conference and film festival ends today, with prices ranging from $50 to $1,200.
After a bruising GOP primary wherein all the Republican Party power brokers and hacks dutifully backed the "next-in-line" RINO Mitt Romney, who eventually prevailed, it was difficult to accept that Tea Party conservatives would once again be forced to hold our noses a la 2008 (a gesture made much easier by the addition of Sarah Palin on the ticket) - because after all, "Anybody But Obama" is better, right?
Additionally, the denialsphere has gotten much more organized and is better funded now and has the real potential to effective stop any governmental progress for at least the next couple of years.
92 points "Quite surprisingly, this is aromatically more elegant, at least at present with green apple, citrus blossom and subtle wood influence that is picked up by the big, rich, powerful and driving flavors that are actually no more concentrated but there is better depth, more minerality and a bit more length.
After a very tiry and inspiring win over the Arch Rivals, team India is on a prowl over the Aussies this time.The current form of both the teams promise us a better series atleast better than other teams which play against the world champions and any series against them become one sided.But India and Australia are both out from a series win and am sure to watch an exiting series over the next 3 months.
#3 - Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas While based on the TV show Good Luck Charlie, this is actually much better than the crossover show.
A broken voice without a word to live by Eyes slammed shut watch the world go by It should have been way better than this You can't anticipate the things that you miss And how long til you let it go Master unreality Nothing to show and in the end Top of the mountain of nowhere First in the line dying to get back there You can't get back there.
AdWeek 7/14 Double Vision: The Race Issue Revisited While few people would deny that race relations are better than when Obama was a child, opinion data show that black and white Americans don't see eye to eye on the degree to which things have changed.
According to the Yellow Springs school board, due to the cumulative effect of the budget reductions the district instituted this spring, the five-year budget forecast through 2015 looks slightly better than it did last fall.
3. the purpose of a base layer is to wick away moisture from to the outer layers, thus thinner is better ... if you want warmth ,,, wear a thicker insulating layer ... i see a lot of people buy thick merino and use it like a light sweater
208000km, major service just done ($1200), excellent condition, far better than a Liberty (sorry nickt...), access closed roads with ease, price drop to $5900, but happy for turkey talk if you're keen, see it in action in the gramps this weekend (and maybe next)
Adam Lambert still did better than Kris Allen after the show, David Archuleta did well with "Crush," and Crystal sold more than Lee(although not by much).
Above all else, drivers should be vigilant, experts say: Studies show that if a theft is reported within two hours, the odds of property recovery are better than 50-50 - but the recovery rate for thefts reported after four hours falls to 25 percent.
66 ComdtNOB in a forwarding endorsement to ComEleven stressed the "extensive influence and responsibility" of this new department and considered that "one well-staffed and equipped Legal Assistance Office for the Long Beach - Los Angeles - San Pedro area is sufficient for the time being; and better than having several such offices among the Naval Operating Base activities and other activities in this area."
1 Manning- that ship has sailed so the next best option is 2 2 Smith - Although some think ck or Johnson can be better, since our FO is trying to sign Smith they must think he is better right now and I trust their judgement.
(1) The vast majority of the American people are being hugely misdirected away from the subject matter that counts by the demands of our modern communications system to make money and the knowledge by that system that emotion-driven stories lock people into a mindset that allows them to be "sold to" better than stories that force people to think (my way of summing up this point), and
15 minutes a week is much better than spending hours a month truing to put things in a pile of 'What to throw away' and 'What to keep' piles.
About a fortnight, at the close of which she pretended that she had fits, and could not con tinue any longer in my service, so she went away, but said she had got a place which she approved of much better than her present one I look'd about and missed two necklaces, as mentioned in the indictment, and likewise a mourning ring, concluding she had taken them away from out of my room, for being my house-maid she had access to the place where they were put.
A daughter of Unbridled's Song, Exogenetic provides Super Ninety Nine with the same broodmare sire as the group one winner Better Than Ever, as well as the graded stakes winners Etched, Hold Me Back, and Out of Bounds.
Acquires Satellites Slowly, DOSN'T FIND LOCAL STORES, Inaccurate, MADE ME MISS A WEDDING, MAP QUEST IS BETTER, Short Battery Life, TAKES A YEAR TO TELL YOU, WILL MAKE YOU LATE, WITH A UPDATE NOT GOOD, Wrong directions
[1] In upstate New York, Verizon walked away from its FiOS expansion effort five years ago, leaving only a handful of wealthy suburbs furnished with fiber service while effectively abandoning urban communities like Buffalo and Syracuse with nothing better than Verizon's outdated DSL, which does not meet the FCC's minimum definition of broadband - 25Mbps.
#7 - We're actually doing a shitload better than most of the boomtowns you see in the west and south.
[ 121 ] When he met Chamberlain for the first time, Wilhelm told him: "I thank you for what you have done for Germany!". [ 121 ] The next day, Eulenburg wrote to a friend that the Emperor "stood completely under the spell of this man [Chamberlain], whom he understood better than any of the other guests because of his thorough study of The Foundations ". [ 121 ]
10-3 0-0 NCAA Tournament 2-2 0-0 Overtime 4-9 0-0 Games Decided by 5 points or less 29-29 1-2 Games Decided by 3 points or less 18-23 1-1 When Scoring 100 points or more 18-4 1-0 When holding opponents under 80 points 112-28 9-8 When shooting better FG% than opponent 118-17 10-2 When shooting worse FG% than opponent 23-65 1-11 When shooting better than 50% FG 72-9 9-1 When outrebounding opponent 100-32 9-3 When leading at the half 111-18 9-2 When trailing at the half 27-63 1-11 When tied at the half 5-4 1-0
after freeing the Mirage Trio, from there torture devices in Team Galactics HQ you need surf, strength, rock smash, and rock climb; when ready go to the spot where you first met cyrus: the south entrence of mount coronet go up and through the level I think there might be a video on you tube that could show you how to get to the top better than I could explain it.
3M took the bigger-is-better computing-size challenge one step further at CES by demonstrating an 84-inch multi-touch display prototype that's great for a wall or interactive table use.
A Colorado budget with better-than-expected funding for education, colleges and seniors will be introduced in the House next week, where lawmakers will vote on a proposed $8 billion spending plan.
ABC will be monitoring ratings on GAA so if they are better than GH then that show could cause GH to be cancelled next year.
8. Perception from other employees for whatever reason can perpetuate an image of low performance of an individual whom is very capable and in many cases better than their detractors.
About a week later at a family gathering I was talking to my 15 year old cousin who told me she was reading the books the film was based on and said they were brilliant - better than the film, so the next day I brought all four books...And that was it I was hooked.
2. Life Is Peachy - From heavy ("Chi" and "Kill You", one of my favourite tracks) to funny (A.D.I.D.A.S. and Twist) 3, Issues - Production is better, catchier phrases but still very much frustration and great bass lines and guitar riffs (Falling Away From Me, Make Me Bad, Somebody Someone are my favourites).
Added Adriana, "I definitely took away that I'm better than I thought I was and to have someone as amazing as Christina Aguilera believe in me and say that I am a great singer - it's finally sinking into my brain.
A certain sort of agitators expect and desire a violent struggle, because they see privilege defiant and violence seems to them the shortest way to get at it; and on the other hand, there are many in the enjoyment of privilege who feel in their hearts that they deserve nothing better than to have it taken away from them: but these are naive views that ignore the solidity of the present order, which ensures that any change must be gradual and make its way by reason.
1852 30 Years Old In 1852 and 1853 Petermann published some maps on cholera in Britain, explaining that the map, better than tables, can show the progress and victim density of the disease, following the example set by Heinrich Berghaus in his Physikalischer Atlas, Band II, Abt.
Academy Award and Golden Globe winner Marlee Matlin is better known for her acting performances.
A designer trick it to use Christmas ornaments that are slightly oversized since they look much better than standard sized ornaments - this is especially important if your tree is taller than 7' tall.  10 large Christmas ornaments per foot height of tree typically works well.
17 June 2014 : While it is extremely difficult to be completely anonymous on the Internet, new technology is making it possible to protect users' privacy far better than it is done today, according to Dr Steven Murdoch, a Royal Society University Research Fellow in the Security Group of the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory.
2005: Rice threw a career-best 211-6 on March 18 at the Willie Williams Invitational in Arizona to better his fourth all-time mark at USC...the throw was nearly 42 feet better than the next closest Trojan last season...Finished eighth at the Pac-10s with a throw of 197-2...threw 196-11 at the NCAA West Regional, but did not place.
About the author: It's hard to imagine any actor who knows the plays of August Wilson better than 2010 Tony nominee Stephen McKinley Henderson.
323), "When the sick or the sinning awake to realize their need of what they have not, they will be receptive of divine Science, which gravitates towards Soul and away from material sense, removes thought from the body, and elevates even mortal mind to the contemplation of something better than disease or sin."
[7] Not that I understand it any better than you, but I conjecture that there is a "shoot for the moon" philosophy when dealing with the Yanks; at any given moment a top prospect could be up for grabs for the slightest notion... at least that's how it was when Ol' George was around... and like the blind squirrel you find the occasional nut.
13 In order to impress this upon us most forcibly, the Lord Jesus Himself, when ordering us to cut off our members, meaning thereby those persons whom a man loves as the most useful members of his body, says, "It is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched; where their worm dieth not, and their fire is not quenched."
5-10 toy fish, quality changes Spool of stiff wire Right Glue sequence Packing tape, brown and also evident Duct cassette Popsicle sticks Several tiny dowels The small piece of wood three inches better than the soe boxes size and also height.
After graduation, Agee was hired by the Time Inc. as a reporter, and moved to New York City, where he wrote for Fortune magazine in 1932-1937, although he is better known for his later film criticism in the Time and The Nation .
32 External Conflict: Racism Quote: "Lily, I like you better than any girl I've ever known, but you have to understand, there are people who would kill boys like me for even looking at girls like you." -Zach, p.135 Climax: The climax of The Secret Life of Bees is when Lily finally confronts T. Ray and learns that she shot her mother.
7 shows how, in the peeling test, the material of the seam C resisted better than one of the ends (indicated b, originally rectangular) which has become strongly deformed and torn under the tensile force.
12. "John 16:7-13 But I tell you the truth, It is better for you that I should go away; for if I do not away, the Comforter will not come to you; but if I should go, I will send him to you.
After considering the matter a little, she swore that she would marry none but the beautiful Fanfarinet, that there was no reason for thinking his master would be as beautiful, and she had no ambition to marry one of high rank; that if she had lived happily' in a tower, she could live happily, if need be, in some castle in the country with him, and that she would think bread and water in his company better than chicken and sugar-plums with any body else.
37 39 governorships up between now and next November, there are several major storylines yet to play out, developments that will be critical to which party is better positioned to make gains at the state level in 2010.
5) William Petersen as Stud Cantrell - Petersen is better known for his role as Gil Grissom in the TV series CSI, but in 1987 he portrayed minor league player/manager Stud Cantrell in the movie Long Gone .
12/22/2010 [-] Beatles' Abbey Road crossing now in rock-n-roll history 12/22/2010 [-] Secret reports on New Zealand UFO sightings revealed 12/22/2010 [-] Fritzl's house of horror to be torn down in 2011 12/22/2010 [-] 'World's first' glasses-free 3D TV hits Japan 12/22/2010 [-] Study finds 1 embryo 'better than two in IVF' 12/22/2010 [-] World News UN chief warns of risk civil war will return to Ivory Coast 12/22/2010 [-] Sweden appeals UK 12/22/2010 [-] Colo.
4:3 in a 10" display gives you more vertical desktop space to work with when using it in landscape mode, and it is better from a physical ergonomic standpoint as you demonstrated with your book and page examples.
acute when fixed on what happens next; whereas literature, sooner or later, is about the meaning behind events.? This explains better than anything else I know why it is that the finest movies seem to have been made not from first- but from second-rate fiction: The Maltese Falcon (Dashiell Hammett), The Postman Always Rings Twice (James M. Cain), Farewell My Lovely (Raymond Chandler), The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (B.
6. Arizona (3-1, 0-1) Last week: 5 Result: Lost at Oregon 49-0 Next up: vs. Oregon State Comment: Cats played much better than score from Eugene indicates, except in the red zone.
A better-than-expected private employment report on Thursday fuelled expectations non-farm payrolls data, due at 1230 GMT, may deliver a narrow consensus-beat, easing pressure on the Federal Reserve to launch new stimulus measures but failing to remove concerns about the state of the world's largest economy.
2nd View: Most Shi'í sources, following the teachings of the Imams of Ahlu 'l -Bayt (who obviously knew the Prophet (S) better than others), say that it was one of the Umayyid leaders of Quraysh who frowned and turned away from the blind man.
Afflicted is a low-budget, delightfully novel twist on two otherwise way over-saturated genres (found footage being one, the other is better left unsaid so as not to spoil one of the film's big reveals), that starts out as a patience-trying travelogue being produced by two best friends on a year-long, round-the-world trip.
- 13 Assassins  ok, I know this isn't even a horror/thriller/sci-fi/grindhouse film, it's a samurai action flick, but it was still better than most anything I watched last year , so it makes the list.
7. " Martha Marcy May Marlene " The single thing that cinema does better than any other artform is the shifting of time: can paintings, or architecture, or music, show the immediate contrast between past and present and future in only a few seconds?
6. Large size crib, but better than the mini-version (which is a similar size to cribs they rent out at hotels) - remember, your child will grow and the smaller version ends up becoming a waste of money despite the space saving reason for purchase.
A cyclist passing by there would only look on in confusion, and perhaps go away with the impression that the summit neighbourhood of Westmount is filled with rich, bicycle-hating luxury SUV drivers who want to exclude those who don't fit on their better-than-thou pedestal.
Adams, of course, must be supposing that if God's reason for creating one world rather than another is the fact that the creatures in the first world are much better than the creatures in the second world, it somehow logically follows that God must love the creatures in the first world more than he loves the creatures in the second.
4 HDMI in 1 HDMI out At LEAST 100 w/ channel Minimum 7.1 GUI interface that will show volume on TV (wife insists) Some type of self tuning setup (Audyssey, the Pioneer one, etc.)... coming from having nothing ANYTHING would be an improvement, but I guess better is better A GOOD video upscaling processor Something that is good build quality
7  And yet I can say truly that it is better for you I should go away; he who is to befriend you will not come to you unless I do go, but if only I make my way there, I will send him to you.
3 potential big time weapons in the first 3 picks, Sankey is better Powell, Easley replaces Douzable and would be great value there, Baptiste has that next Richard Sherman potential IMO, get another QB prospect incase Geno don't improve and can always flip them for draft picks, Perryman would be an ILB and is a personal fave, we have no backup center for Mangold and Richburg is a solid prospect, Allen is a potential nickel CB, Damien is a good HWS prospect and VDK can compete with Quigley.
A friend and I split four of them and here's my brief review (the texture on the cookies themselves was perfect, crisp yet barely resisting to the tongue): Coconut:  these were perfect, a delicate distillation of coconuttiness Lemon:  great flavor though I was a little surprised that the lemon buttercream was a little broken, this happens to me all the time, but I expect better than that from the Parisian masters
2010 top 3 1) Marriage better than ever (BIG deal) 2) Launch of Choose People 3) Year round Bikram yoga (usually bail in the summer) (want to include our amazing kids - but they were amazing this year and last year - the comparison factor)
A forum where dissenting opinions can compete on equal ground is better than one where the "run-away bride" and Michael Jackson take time away from Iraq and Darfur.
38-year-old David Mech , who is better known for his adult film resume, is causing a bit of a controversy in Palm Beach County, Florida, where he is running for a seat on the school board.
Actually, no tidbit today, but one next time.Chapter Forty-Five: The Battle of Kaza's SchoolTeacher: And once again, may I remind you that we are to behave much better than I am told by your sixth grade teachers you acted on the Cincinnati field trip.Alex (whispering): This time we'll be bit sneakier about the pantsing and mooning then.Dylan (whispering): Yeah.
15) The girl turned away from him; she knew how to lay her cards on the table and she also knew how to fold; this time, however, it was something different this time she was bluffing, she was playing the game better than him.
Active since the 70s, Renaud has written some very controversial songs during his musical career, the most famous one (to British readers at least) praising all women as being better than men except Margaret Thatcher, saying that if he comes back as a dog in his next life, he will use her as a lampost...
16. Far better than most leaders, Jobs intuitively understood the power of cultural influence in sustaining the strategic capabilities implicit in his perpetual vision of creating, as he put it, "an enduring company where people were motivated to make great products...a company that will stand for something a generation or two from now.
4. Most importantly do not compromise on yourself - we all need a job to pay bills and make ends meet, but when you start being taken for granted, when there is no room for growth, or when your basics like health-care or gratuity are not paid, it is better to aggressively look for something else and move on, maybe even with a slight pay cut for now but something that will pay dividends in the years to come!
05:34, 05:45 BP: Remember what General George S. Patton said, "A good plan violently executed today, is far and away better than a perfect plan tomorrow."
2008 Kawasaki Ninja 250 R 9100km White/black in colour - Also have complete stock black fairing set for an additional $500 Custom repacked exhaust - sounds better than aftermarket exhausts for this bike Double bubble windscreen Aftermarket air filter Shogun frame sliders Solo seat cover Asking...
Actually, what I like about the ending of the film version of "Fahrenheit" is that it actually reflects Bradbury's own persona and philosophy-his literary "voice," if you will-better than the harder-edged ending of Bradbury's own novel.
6-4, 298, age 28 Drafted by Cowboys in 1st round (20 overall) in 2005 Career: 88 games, 78 starts What could be better than stealing a starter away from your division rival?
Absolutely love the stuff, much better than the rubberized coating for floors, top and bottem, inside fenders, anything that doesn't show.
7. Belize -- while I liked the cave tubing in Caves Branch, I found the Cayes (Amergris and Caulker, both of which I visited) unappealing (next time I may make it further out on to the reef, where the diving is better).
5 Pros The Hyundai i45 is one of the cheapest 4 door mid size cars you can buy (and it looks pretty good too) Huge boot and decent interior space 5 out of 5 star safety 5 year warranty Nice interior with a classy dash and very good 6 speed gearbox 5 Cons Handling still not as sharp as others (such as a Mazda 6 or Suzuki Kizashi) Fuel efficiency not class leading (the Hyundai i40 is better) Headroom in the back can [...]
After hearing the news regarding the launch of 3gs ... I feel better than ever being a APPL long.
According to Matt: "Nothing better than some time away from the kids and cruising down Highway 1 with the wife."
363.228km+ Mike Newton (ENG) 1.11.44 - London-Peterborough 29 May 1985 500 KILOMETRES (ROAD) no marks known 500 MILES (ROAD) no marks better than 6 days are known 6 DAYS (ROAD)
According to Germany Out-of-home Food and Beverages Market Forecast & Opportunities, 2018', the market for Out-of-home food and beverages in Germany witnessed a slower growth rate during recession but is expected to grow gradually over the next five years and is performing better than the other markets in the European region.
2. Quality vs Quantity - It is a good thing if a company can show you hundreds of past clients BUT it is better if they can show you a had full of past clients that have written testimonials vouching for the quality of entertainment a company exhibits.
22:30 - NIGHTWISH!!! Awesome show, new songs, bad sound, really loud drums, TARJA!, nice background picture and lighting, Higher Than Hope!, Marco playing with a sigarette in his mouth again, Tarja takes a break, guys play a Megadeth cover, Emppu is a big show-off, everyone singing Over The Hills And Far Away, my poor ears, Wish I Had An Angel sounds a lot better than on the album... oh no, the end already?!
a dope board,way better than my burton custom..carves so well and lots of pop..best of all was the price..285 canadian....great board
After all, how many of us feel our employers would really like to drink our blood, or that our political masters secretly believe we are no better than zombies?
absolutely terrible, JJFs first turn is way better than Taj's, they kind of go move for move on the next 3 turns, and JJF ends with air-reverse to flat while Taj gets stuck under the lip on a floater that would have sucked anyway, and Taj comes out a point higher?
6. Minnesota (R): We can't believe we're writing this but comedian Al Franken (D) now has a better than 50-50 shot at winding up in the Senate next January.
1 in 600 sounds like a bad starting point...but if we count up what the people here do...just them...the odds are much better than that ...and these poeple make that happen...dont let the odds get you down...keep on to the next one
24 may be yet another show where the run of the series makes you think the pilot was much better than it actually was.
Adjmi (Stunning, The Evildoers) combines wit, historical facts and razor-sharp characters to create a really insightful look into these historic characters - and at a time when mobs of poor, unkempt Occupy Wall Street protesters focusing on the nation's wealthy and screaming "I'm the 99 percent" makes us realize that we have more in common with Revolutionary France than we might have realized (and again, seeing the show on the night of an historic presidential election was a treat better than cake.)
4. Camby's trade value is higher than Kenyon's as he had an allstar calibre year last season, where with Kenyon they'll probably get shafted in the deal, especially if he truly is better next year and have nothing but scrubs to show for it.
12:30 p.m. TBS The Cleveland Show Cleveland pretends to be homeless when he discovers that the food served at a local shelter is better than it is at home; Roberta is hired to be a Christmas elf in a store owned by a man who makes Santa's helpers wear sexy outfits.
Adam Lambert Age: 30 Occupation: Singer and Songwriter Known For: Being the runner-up on the 8th season of 'American Idol,' singles like 'For Your Entertainment,' 'Whataya Want from Me' and 'Better Than I Know Myself,' his flamboyant style, and being the first openly gay mainstream pop artist to launch a career on a major label in the US
Afghanistan, U.S. State Department officials argued, suffered from three species of corruption: "petty" corruption, otherwise known as "functional" corruption, which greases the machinery so is better left alone; "grand" corruption, often too politically explosive to grapple with; and "predatory" corruption, the real problem, for it serves as an irritant in Afghans' everyday lives.
About 10 years ago I read about a Mayan city state that archeologists had unearthed...It was not known how the city eventually fell but it would seem that they were practicing free market capitalists and they fared much better than the big government states.
4.) Myself- Why because I wish, to study in America in the future and well of course get a masters in History research and eventually settle down in NJ or become a public school teacher(Yeah I know I am not very Asian as my writing mastery is usually better than my near non-existent math or scientific skills)
2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Does not Does not meet Cannot be Better than Designated area meet primary secondary classified national standards standards standards ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- New Jersey-New York-Connecticut Interstate AQCR......... ............ ............ ............ X Metropolitan Philadelphia Interstate AQCR............... ............ ............ ............ X New Jersey Intrastate AQCR.............................. ............ ............ ............ X Northeast Pennsylvania-Upper Delaware Valley Interstate AQCR: The Township of Harmony............................. X X ............ ............
407 gation may be stretched till it is no better than a brand of slavery stamped on us when we were too young to know its meaning.
2) To build a contact list of companies for the Students2Startups fair early next year, which will be bigger and better than ever before!
1) Black people move north because factory jobs (even with Northern personal racism) are better than Southern sharecropping (That belt of poverty draped across the Deep South is surprisingly black).
11 - Value of Prayers Imam As-Sadiq (peace be upon him) said: "One obligatory prayer is better than performing Hajj twenty times, and the performance of one Hajj is better than giving away a house full of gold."
"Acting in" is no better than "acting out" : Bottling up anger is no better than venting, because the feelings underneath the anger: the hurt and feelings of powerlessness and being disrespected don't go away.
12 If anything happened to Philip-if the operation of Fortune, who always cares for us better than we care for ourselves, were to effect this too for us-you know that if you were at hand, you could descend upon the general confusion and order everything as you wished; but in your present condition, even if circumstances offered you Amphipolis, you could not take it; for your forces and your minds alike are far away.
125  For we are not at present mapping out the form of government that would be best, or better than many, but we did set out to discuss poverty and to show that its case is not hopeless, as the majority think, but that it affords many opportunities of making a living that are neither unseemly nor injurious to men who are willing to work with their hands.
Abound Solar's next-generation cadmium telluride (CdTe) thin-film modules use a proven technology that performs better than crystalline silicon in low light and high temperature conditions resulting in more energy produced per watt of capacity.
Actually it´s a bit difficult to talk abt yourself, but, anyway, let´s try... i´m an outgoing and friendly guy who loves to stay with people...i´m also very helpful and reliable and i´m always willing to show foreigners around my city and host them as it´s a great experience..there´s nothing better than sharing stuff of different cultures and lifestyles, i do really love foreigners, languages and friends.
2. And investors don't know what happens next Pandit is leaving just a day after Citigroup reported a better-than-expected third-quarter profit of $468 million, an indication that Citigroup may finally be emerging from a years-long hangover.
4)Suniel Shetty,just see him in Dhadkan, Yeh Tera Ghar Yeh Mera Ghar,he was as successful as Akshay Kumar and Ajay Devgan in the 1990's ,but he ended his career doing supporting roles in mindless films,still he can do better comedy than Ajay Devgn,and he is better in serious roles than Akshay Kumar,sunil should never do a supporting role for the next five years,he deserves a strong comeback as he is still not that old.
accounts, and Yahoo! should be thinking of ways to lure disenchanted Facebook users away (they've got to be able to do it better than Diaspora at least).
After all, what could be better than ringing in 2012 with your boo -- or your besties -- with a handful of these stellar sparklers, safely away from what can only be described as "amateur night" in the city?
30 Doradus is better known as the Tarantula nebula and is located 170,000 light years away within the Milky Way's largest satellite galaxy the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC).
2003); see also Fields , 354 S.C. at 452, 581 S.E.2d at 492 (to be competent as expert, witness must have acquired, by reason of study or experience, or both, such knowledge and skill in a business, profession, or science that he is better qualified than the fact finder to form an opinion).
Acknowledge the zero-sum math above, and accept that by investing actively you are betting that Manager X is better than the bottom half of all other active investors-and that given the noise out there, it's very possible that you could be wrong and end up on the other side of the index results (regardless of where the average active manager ends up).
6) Kapali should be coming in at number 6 instead of Akram Khan (who should take Kapali's place at 5) since as we have all seen today - Akram Khan is not the same batsman - true that it was Akram's first ODI match after a long time - but he is better off trying to push the singles rather than getting bobbed down by somebody like Vettori and giving away his wicket in the process.
After a long intercontinental flight to Santiago, or the night-shifts of an observing run at the telescopes, what could be better than a comfortable staging post at which to recover and rest before the next part of the journey?
Acts 20:35 - It is Better to GIVE than to receive...Didnt The Father God Give His Most Precious Possession of Jesus Away to Share The REALationship of His Extravagant Love With...us? Oh Yeah ;)
4. Store the rest of the sourdough starter , because the sourdough starter will be fed for the next 14 days and you don't want to end up with a huge mass of dough. 5. Once the dough is ready take a glass container, narrow and tall is better, so avoid large shallow containers, put in the dough, press it down, cover with cling film, make a few holes and leave it to rest for 24 hours at a temperature no higher than 78°F (26°C).
Actually, all four Red Wings' lines played better than admirably, registering a season-high 43 shots on goal and scoring twice on the power play Tuesday night at Joe Louis Arena.
638 TRUTHFUL LIPS 639 DELIGHT IN RIGHT JUDGMENT 640 LOVE CORRECTION 641 ACCEPT DISCIPLINE 642 HUMBLE TENT WILL STAND 644 WISDOM BETTER THAN GOLD 647 FRIEND OF THE POOR 648 LAMP OF THE LORD 650 GOOD NAME
After his first bite of Stroud's chicken, Adam Richman called it "whole body-licking good," meaning it is several orders of magnitude better than the Colonel's finger-licking good chicken.
1) Stocks with Hillbent's proprietary " A " (strongest) or " B " (next strongest) ranking in terms of positive fundamentals for revenue and earnings stability comprise what is better known as the "Weekly Babies With Bathwater" watchlist.
9:47pm ET - Flex would of been great to have next week with the G-men and Saints playing Chicago at Atlanta isn't a bad Plan B. (And it's far better than getting married on the Maid of the Mist.)
Abraham had 'an in' with G-d, could have thought he was better than anyone else, but instead, realized that he was actually a representative of G-d, and thus had to show respect and care for all.
3. The first episode of Freaks and Geeks (doomed TV show, 1999) This pilot's closing scene (set at the high school homecoming dance, featuring "Come Sail Away" by Styx) is better than 90 percent of what's been on network television since 1986.
282d) his love' ; 3:18a 'for' (RV) is less probable than 'away from'; 3:18b is suspicious, though the clause might be rendered (better than in RV), 'upon whom [referring to 'thee'] reproach is a burden'; 3:20 'and at that time I will gather thee' yields an excellent sense, but it cannot be extracted from the existing text.
A celebration of independent game development in a variety of media and genres, the 2nd annual Boston Festival of Indie Games promises to be bigger and better than the first, partly because a year has helped to grow and mature the independent games movement.
1) Alway continue treatments as directed on the container, just because the visible stuff went away it doesn't mean the fish is better and if you stop as soon as the white fuzz goes away he will get sick again.
After his death at the age of seventy-two, Myrtle Muggalby sold or gave away all of her late husband's belongings, keeping only his last set of dentures as a memento of him.As she explained to her sister, "His false teeth are what I remember best about Mick, so they'll remind me of him better than anything else."
2) To claim the GEORGE STANLEY "PAPA BEAR" HALAS TROPHY, in their, own city, home, to show them that we are better than them on every phase of the ball.
50 35 But I say the truth unto you; It is better 619 for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Paraclete will not come unto you; but if I go away, I will send him unto you.
After being plucked off re-entry waivers by the Isles away from the Detroit Red Wings who were looking for backup goalie insurance with the former Sharks superstar, Nabokov decided sitting at home was better than playing out the string with the Islanders.
Additionally, home prices will projected to continue their rise for the next 12-24 months, and Marco Island, which recovered better than the rest of the country because of low inventory and increased buyer traffic, will continue to shine.
a bunch of my friends are iphone fans, i'm a blackberry girl... so it always ends up being a "which one is better?!?!" argument, which i don't mind.
3B where Chipper has earned another year to show he hasn't completely lost the bat speed to get to the fastball, Left field where Anderson actually looked a lot better than anyone thought but still needs to go (possibly a platoon job with Diaz) and RF where Heyward will take residence for the next decade.
18:8  And if your hand or your foot is a cause of trouble, let it be cut off and put it away from you: it is better for you to go into life with the loss of a hand or a foot than, having two hands or two feet, to go into the eternal fire.
27 HR 90 rbi I know this has not gotten a lot of ink but I say it's better than 50/50 that he ends up in Toronto and Hinske is given away for a bag of balls.
a boring show with a good fight at the end is better then a made up story where the fighters are upset with lies and misleading truths.
[33] It is not uncommon for advocates of a new public plan to cite data for some time period purporting to show that Medicare controls costs better than the FEHBP.
2nd, 2006) is still scheduled and we are making our Art Show, Sale and Party better than ever as we say farewell to Chin Tiki Detroit.
A few months later, at Forbidden Fantasy's annual show 'n' shine, we noticed that Jeff's interior had been given a complete makeover and looked far better than ever.
(3) That it is better to serve than to be served; that he who exalts himself will be brought low and that it is the humble who will be exalted; that servants are quite literally more pleasing to God than masters, and that the redemption of a master is made possible only as he becomes the servant of his servants; that the more abilities and talents one possesses, the greater is one's obligation to take care of the welfare of those less gifted than oneself.
6. Markieff Morris.....enthusiastic tougher PF, lacks length and athleticism but plays with a cockiness and swagger that I like....wouldn't be shocked if he ends up here with us actually, though I'd pass since I think Hansbrough is better than him.....love the attitude he brings to the table...physical defender and good screener......reminds me alot of Drew Gooden.
18 Big Dogg habs line for next year( if sundin signs) A. Kostitsyn - Sundin - Kovalev (new money line....woahhoo) S. Kostitsyn - Koivu - Tanguay (better than most 1st line out there) Higgins - Plekanec - Latendresse(decent 3rd line) Begin - Lapierre - Chipchura(...)
[29] The most deprived areas are Southwick to the north of the river and Thorney Close to the south - both with chronic levels of unemployment, although the city is performing better than the North East as a whole.
A final word on the rugby - congratulations to the Springboks - they were better than our boys especially on the line outs - however England was the only side who came remotely close to scoring a try (whether you believe the tv ref or not) and had the referee punished all infringements equally on both sides, particularly for hands in the ruck, high tackling and crossing/obstructions then the score line may well have been much, much closer.
3a, the main body portion 216 houses the secondary side of a split-core current transformer 246 with a dynamic range of 0-10 amps and an overall repeatable accuracy of better than 1% over the operating range in the present invention.
3) He would be infinitely better than any other in-house outfield replacements should an injury happen sometime next year.
#3: The fact that you WANT to take away the civil rights of a group of people just because you don't like them makes you no better than many of the authoritarian dictators throughout history, and therefore, I will close this post with an emphatic DIAF.
1864 An interesting observation by one soldier in 1864 when he came upon some of Virgina's wealthiest plantations that the housing quarters for slaves were far better than expected, "Very comfortable quarters on every plantation... the Negro-houses are scarcely inferior to the mansions of their masters."
1) Duck tales (still dream about swimming in Scrouge McDuck's building full of money) 2) Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers 3) Tiny Toons (somehow did it for me better than Looney toons) 4) Gummi Bears 5) He-Man Masters of the Universe
2 nights 2 people for a total price of £64 is the best part of the story, the rest of the story is related to the price of course, however overall much better than expected, room was clean, had a nice balcony over the back road, TV and air con working, shower working basic bathroom, basic mattresses.... basic everything, but what could we expect for the price paid: for that reason I give a 4 stars.
According to the report, Germany and Sweden fare better than their neighbours in protecting the sea, with 36 points each out of a maximum of 79.
1. Bold - Wise Up 2. Nausea - Fallout Of Our Being 3. WarZone - As One 4. WarZone - Escape From Your Society 5. Gorilla Biscuits - Better Than You 6. Gorilla Biscuits - Forgotten 7. Trip 6 - Back With A Vengeance 8. Breakdown - Sick People 9. Youth Of Today - Together 10.
2. FAKE PROM The number one reason this annual dance party is better than our real prom?
2. Alien (Ridley Scott) - The vision of Scott was absolutely genius, and the film still holds up better than most science fiction/horror films of today.
After all, if you have to be away from home for a long-term work engagement, what could be better than finding a quiet, relaxing oasis in the heart of everything South Beach has to offer and just a short walk from the beach?
Absolutely...the changes in life expectancy show that for the lower classes especially, life in a 'less' developed country today is better than life in many of the developed countries hundreds of years ago.
164 points for this stage( my best score for the week) and 4 Badges overall Better than last year already So glad i can never pick my transfers straight away and went for Cantwell over Demare!! come on Qatar
Admittedly they were right and that Season 9 was the last gold season.However they were wrong to call this season one of the worst and episodes like this one prove it (It's still better than the David Mirkin seasons) It begins with Bart hanging out with Nelson for some odd reason,Marge being a JerkAss about everything and then Bart accidently killing a mother bird,and while some might consider it sappy,I consider it the one of the few times we see Bart's kind/tender side.
Adam Goldberg, who is better known for his supporting roles, really gets a chance to shine as the Hammer.
[181] When the moral agent has self-realization, guarding against the temptation to show-boat her ethical virtue, she instead, among other things, is better able to hold to her moral ideals and convictions by not publicly announcing them.
