2002 was better than 2001.
8-Smith is better than hill!
1. Girls do better than boys.
4. Batman was better than TDK.
A bullet is better than an arrow.
_ 3: Finland: Better than Sweden.
Aaron Smith is better than Williams.
1) BBM is still better than the rest.
aaron harang is better than barry zito.
192K does sound a lot better than 128K..
Adamant that RC Cola is better than Coke.
affront plays better than reconciliation.
#1 Memories are better than the real deal.
10 Movies Better than Shawshank Redemption
1. Girls are better than boys at languages.
1) Aqualad knows sorcery better than Wally.
Aaron can tell a story far better than most.
Actually anything but george bush is better.
1. Nothing is better than eternal happiness.
After all is Tom Dwan better than Phil Ivey?
2. Marc & Tango: Parker is better than Rice.
Aaron Brooks playing better than rest of team
2. Being Caleb is better than being Superman.
1 hour of fire protection is better than none.
10 reasons O'Hare Airport is better than Midway
A dark horse is better than a politi cal zebra.
5. She's better than Beyoncé The hits don't lie.
2016 Kia Sportage driven: better than a Qashqai?
2. Harry Potter is 10 times better than Twilight.
2004 was the best of them all (better than 1992).
(After all, isn't a supernova better than a nova?
22 Reasons why Star Wars is better than Star Trek
3. Brett Gardner is not better than Carl Crawford.
49% want the state to treat Jews better than Arabs
10 Reasons Friendsgiving is Better Than Thanksgiving
2012 Alex Smith will be better than 2011 Alex Smith.
Adele and Darius Rucker: Better Than Lady Antebellum?
Abraham Lincoln It is better to give than to receive.
1st gen battery life is quite bad but gen 2 is better.
1gb more is better than 1gb less (some have only 8gb).
3G internet speed is better compared to Galaxy Y Duos.
A ball of flames is better than simply shitty baseball.
1.08 PTR, Fire Bat is not better than bear and Bomb Dog
10 Reasons British Comedy Is Better Than American Comedy
16 things Calvin and Hobbes said better than anyone else
10 Reasons Why the Premier League Is Better Than The NFL
1.04pm: Serie A is better than the Premier League again!
2: Natural materials breathe much better than synthetics.
A 1.5V alkaline battery performs better than a 1.2V NiMh.
17) Some people think Star Wars is better than Star Trek.
1. LIFE FOR US IS BETTER THAN IT WAS FOR OUR FOREFATHERS.
23 Responses to "Is Derrick Rose better than Chris Paul?"
A 10-minute workout is better than a zero-minute workout.
$4 a gallon is better spent here than in rush hour traffic
3/8 is better for your larger size, but factory used 5/16.
"2002 will be better than 2001 and 2003 looks even better."
After all, free money is always better than borrowed money.
a clipboard is better than a magic invisibility cloak . . .
According to Tim Kawakami Alex Smith is better than Leinart.
9 Responses to Armed Robbery or Government: Which is Better?
27. yeah the gift shop used to be way better than the museum
1) I like Torchwood better than How I Met Your Mother and 2):
6126 Some love's better than no love at all; w & melody © 1 c.
Actually this one looks better than the strawberry mochi cake.
A forecast of snow is better than last years weather...tornado.
1) I agree that pastry cutter blades are much better than wire.
19- I think that life in a farm is much better than in the city.
actually talent wise steve smith is definetly better than welker.
5 Reasons My Approach to Social Justice Work is Better than Yours
A cardboard cutout of Daniel Craig can emote better than Lazenby.
1. Red- I like the Red in the games and manga, but game is better.
1. Is Andrea Bargnani actually any better than Charlie Villanueva?
1) France would be not much better than Poland, Romania or Sweden.
A couple people asked why I think Silverlight is better than Ajax.
