14 for its profit is better than the gain from silver, and its increase more than fine gold;   15 she is more precious than rubies, and all the things you can desire are not to be compared with her.   16 length of days is in her right hand, riches and honor in her left hand.
Adgita Diaries (presumably Michael or Trace; the post is unsigned) points us to a post by Andrew Levine at CounterPunch, who offers us Better Than Lesser Evilism, Version 2012 , a long and systematic examination of the choice facing every American voter who stands to the left of today's much-mutated Democratic Party.
After all, isn't that what makes baseball inherently better than football or basketball? . . .
3. I platy a ton of paddle tennis (platform tennis to some) and sometimes I just run into players that are just much better than I am.
" According to Jews I speak with, peace with the Palestinians is impossible -- "all Arabs can't be trusted, Hamas is going to keep launching missiles, and the Palestinians in the West Bank aren't much better than Hamas," they say.
200 is way better than 100 for most centerfire rifles but I always sight my guns in for "maximum point blank range".
absolute beast of a car... the rest is usual BMW, sublime seating arrangement for the driver, involving handling, good feedback.. you get into another car after this and it will feel like crap... far far better than a 911 4s convertible (drove that earlier...
Adam Lambert -- aka The Only Reason to Watch This Season -- has put together a Tim Curry-meets-Little Richard version of Wild Cherry's "Play that Funky Music," which causes Paula to gush he's the next Mick Jagger, and Kara to rave that it was "like Studio 57." Which, presumably, is three better than "Studio 54."
Actually, I did have one more worry: As we sat there grinning and clapping and reveling in our victory over hatred, I realized there were just-as-motivated, just-as-willing-to-cough-up-the-dough crowds out there ready to congregate and raise money to achieve nothing better than the illogical, malicious, intentionally hurtful goal of more firmly classifying gay people as second-class citizens in the eyes of the law and our nation's many constitutions.
1 Samuel 15:28 Samuel said to him, "Yahweh has torn the kingdom of Israel from you this day, and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you.
(10:56am EST Tue May 17 2005) its amazing, the ps3, its like the ultimate system, it plays ps1, and ps2 games, has 7 ports for controllers, yes screw 4 slots, 7!!! a prossesing chip better than any computer, well just read,here is this artical about the ps3 just revealed.
2. very stable indeed i have had this on mountains in rivers and everywhere basically and it works as well if not better than the ali one does, hard to believe i know, it took me some convincing too but glad i did, the weight difference is very noticeable.
Aaron Brooks playing better than rest of team
A former trial lawyer, freshman Sen. John Edwards (D-N.C.) speaks populist better than anyone in the field.
17 , 18 Although this finding may be due to publication bias, it can surely be attributed to the fact that propensity scores are not going to solve the problem of unmeasured confounders any better than traditional multivariable adjustment, a fact that will likely leave the bridge between observational and randomized studies forever incomplete.
01:23:20 so, yeah, persistent chat is the demo I have now, unless I think of something better 01:23:59 I think fay has done much better than the uhc-js backend in some tests.. not sure how it compares overall 01:24:29 based on the approach that it uses, I think fay ought to be able to achieve pretty good performance 01:24:32 it's a bit difficult to compare because of the different features 01:24:43 yeah 01:25:02 luite, any progress on ghcjs?
22 30 The Truth: What's in fact written is that non Jews can also benefit from Jews and receive non kosher (non ritual) meat (like the dog ...) like the dog would mean that the law is the same as that of the dog ...Scripture is actually favoring the gentile.Accusation: "A pregnant non-Jew is no better than a pregnant animal."Coschen
18 (21) New Orleans Pelicans 3-4 I'm not sure if I'm just not reading or listening to right people but Anthony Davis is better than I could have imagined he'd be at this point in his career.
$12K for "style" when the Flying Cloud has gotten more stylish as time goes by? Frankly, style DOES have an intrinsic value to most of us... but $12 K? I really LIKE the International style overhead cabinets better than the Safari ones - both because of the sliders and the inside lighting, and that you get one big cabinet instead of two smaller ones.
A clock icon that acts like a real clock, or a news icon that shows me the latest headlines is a lot better than a static icon that I have to click on.
10 years of a wonderful, loving family life with a dad that loved and wanted you is a lot better than a lifetime of wondering why your father couldn't be bothered to give you the time of day.
Adama wrote: So its quite obvious that a viper is way more maneuverable than a tie and that viper pilots are way better than their cannon fodder tie pilot counterparts, but how do the weapons and armour match up?
[ 1 ] Abraha attempted to divert their pilgrimage to al-Qullays and appointed a man named Muhammad ibn Khuza'i to Mecca and Tihamah as a king with a message that al-Qullays was both much better than other houses of worship and purer, having not been defiled by the housing of idols.
10. "But they seed them according to who's the best team, and a middling team from a major conference is better and has better talent than the best team from a small conference."
4. JONATHAN HUBERDEAU - Saint John, Center Last Year's First Round Picks: none Top Prospects: Jon Merrill (D), Mattias Tedenby (LW), Jacob Josefson (C) New Jersey is in rebuild mode, and what better than to grab the guy that lead his team to the Memorial Cup Title?
1) The choice of ocaml for the project was due to the fact that my new project has a lot of recursive functions and functional languages should handle it better than matlab.
About the only positive direct benefit being expressed right now is that Ubuntu's Unity interface may be better than the GNOME Shell for those with pen or touch-screen interfaces, but that isn't many and they are probably already using the Ubuntu Netbook version.
4. The usability of the software with the touch screen and pinch to zoom i think is much better than navigating with keys. 5. My paper charts got wet when I accidentally left a window open and stuck together.
68. MLM Success, The Secret Formula To Rise From The AshesBy David WoodAnd that I really like the MLM business asa long term model BETTER than I likedirect response.
17 December 1997 While the Finkelsteins' hippie tribe carols, Kitty hates having Greg's 16 year-old cousin Jennifer's staying there during her ma's honeymoon, so she convinces Dharma the girl is better off with a younger couple.
A feeling you're losing to Jones, John and/or Jane because their lives might look a little better than yours because you did what was expected of you (go to church, marry, play reproductive roulette because your local society demands it, and suffer the mounting debt of too many kids because that's what God wanted).
A former Air New Zealand executive for 28 years, Ray left easyJet in a strong position, unveiling a better than expected rise in profits and a strong outlook.
1. Live Gain Premium Rich Protein Treatment : While purchasing Shiseido Tsubaki hair conditioner at People's Park, the shop assistant highly recommended this Korean brand conditioner as being even better than Tsubaki.
A day and countless national television and radio interviews later, Jon Jones and Daniel Cormier found themselves in a better place Tuesday, understanding each other better than they did before coming to blows in the lobby of the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Monday.
2) The resveratrol nutrient that is already on the market will end up working better than any drug made.
A few famous saints, when you come to read their life's story, don't hold up too well to modern scrutiny, but Cuthbert, while no Francis of Assisi, comes off better than most.
[AFRICAN NATIONS CUP] Host Ghana's Black Stars entered the 2008 African Nations Cup as one of the tournament's favorites, but they will have to play better than they did in their opener if they are to contend for the championship.
"After Christmas, when you've evaluated and identified everybody," said Dallas scout Dennis Holland, "you make sure you've made the right evaluations and that the kids are better in March than they were in January and better than they were in October.
10 Reasons Why Visual Basic is Better Than C# After having converted a whole lot of training materials based on VB.NET into C#, Andy 'Wise Owl' Brown decided to write a tongue-in-cheek rant whilst he could still remember the pain-points.
After an hour of debate including two roll-call votes, the bill was passed as amended by the Senate and sent to Governor Shumlin who signed it hours later with the following statement: "Act 46 is working better than I had imagined.
+1 I have the P239 SAS Gen 2 and the slim design hugs the hip a little better than my P229 and it is a little shorter and lighter.
35-40 degree but it' not cover in haze so much......in Chiang mai..it's just pollution...if you would like to come for see cultural, some activities...in Chiang mai....can i recommend you on april is better cause...on 13-15 of april every years..there are Song Kran festival......for 3 days...everybody in Chiang mai'll enjoy with the splash water for relaxing from the hot whether....that's very fun.....and you'll get the experiance about the cultural....in during days...
[0331] Table 30 shows that C 1 -C 3 form (C16-C113) of wild-type E. coli-derived IL-29 is better able to induce ISRE signaling than wild-type C3-C5 form (C113-C172) or a mixture of wild-type C1-C3 form and C3-C5 form (C16-C113, C113-C172), all referring to SEQ ID NO:15.
4. Ice mage: Ranged unit Cost to unlock: 30 souls, 20 gold Cost to recruit: 9 souls Combat: Good Toughness: Excellent Attack: Ice Bonus: -Chance to freeze the target My opinion: The Ice mage is much better than the Pyro Mage, simply because it has a longer range, with pretty much the same attack power (Ice mages don't get splash damage, however).
[1]The iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM[2]) has rallied nearly 4% year-to-date, better than large caps, international stocks, bonds, and just about every other significant market segment with the exception of gold.
5 months income is better than none however I now have a small problem which I may have found a solution to.
2009Edwin van der SarThe Dutch goalkeeper has gone 14 league game without conceding a goal but is he better than Schmeichel?
1. Mosher Chi-squared statistic (lower is better, and is equal to sum of (Oi-Ai)^2/Ai where Oi is observation i, and Ai is actual value i): 11.8 Std Dev of Chi-square data (lower is better): 2.53 Average Error value (closer to zero is better): 4.33 IBU's (over-predicted) Std Dev of errors (lower is better): 4.32 IBUs Worst error (lower is better): 8 IBUs (over-predicted)
1) the overall color unity is better with the sketch(well, monochrome...^^) you can try consider all subjects in 1 color of light and 1 main direction of light next time to unify it better.
Advanced windows also could slash heating costs by half, allowing the sun to warm houses while keeping the cold out-the new windows are often better than the standard attic insulation in cold-climate homes today.
200 AP proc on a rogue is far better than a measly 500 arcane damage.
-- 25th of April,2013) New York, NY -- Matt Lloyd, owner and CEO of M.O.B.E, which stands for "My Online Business Empire" has just launched his newest event called the 'Home Business Summit' where the participants can learn about his revolutionary new method that he claims is better than affiliate marketing.
About Stanley Turrentine When it came to the genre of soul-jazz, you knew better than to mess with "Mr.
After a good run through the forest and time spent in the woods that Artemis, her patron goddess loved, Gabrielle felt much better than she had in days.
aaaagh... i missed so much... well i also sais that sasuke is better than naruto, but again i disagree about orochimaru being the strongest... and about jiraiya being poisoned.. what so you do when u're drinking with ur best friend?
9. Romantic picnic in a secluded cove Fall is a great time for romance and nothing sets the stage better than a romantic picnic lunch on a secluded cove along the coast.
68. James Crow, 5th Child, PyInfamous, Skipp Coon, Kamikaze, Coke Bumaye & 7even:Thirty - "Crew Joint" - There's nothing better than a good old-fashioned posse cut.
Access Hollywood Live: Natalie Cole On Her Fight With Hepatitis C - 'I'm Better Than I Ought To Be'
3:39 p.m. ET - Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut on the Senate floor: "I suppose it is often true that no deal IS better than a bad deal, but in the case of the fiscal cliff no deal is the worst deal because the government will go over the fiscal cliff and will take almost every American with us.
22.00 USD OutOfStock /Clothing/Apparel/View All /Clothing/Collections /Sale /Sale /Clothing/Apparel/Sale /Clothing/Collections/Sporty Chic /Clothing/Collections /Clothing/Collections /Clothing/Collections/Mother's Day Sale /Clothing/Apparel/Sale Scuba Legging Better than your average wetsuit, the Karen Kane scuba legging is soft and slimming.
According to a report from the Daytona Beach News-Journal, police said a 10-year-old Florida boy has been charged with aggravated battery for allegedly cutting his stepmother with a kitchen knife -- because he liked the food at a juvenile behavioral facility better than at home and wanted to go back.
1852 30 Years Old In 1852 and 1853 Petermann published some maps on cholera in Britain, explaining that the map, better than tables, can show the progress and victim density of the disease, following the example set by Heinrich Berghaus in his Physikalischer Atlas, Band II, Abt.
1) Takes on replacement poly mounts/ Rubber Which is better?
1993 GT-5.0 HO Convertible - So Cal car My Daily driver which only gets its legs stretched on as needed Roush supplied the scoop My bud's 05 donated the wing That 8 5.0 HO runs hard and sounds better than your best friend ...gotta love the V8's The paint is a beautiful deep mica Blue with benz silver convertible top and boot are deep blue a rare but nice scheme SAAC stripes give it growl its probably for sale .. I want to finish the GT-40 project back in So Cal .
After 30 years of having our living standards decrease while the wealthiest 1% have had it better than ever , I think it's time for some maybe, I don't know, participation in our democracy that isn't funded by news cameras and gentlemen such as yourself.
Accolade II is a supreme runner-up on this list, as it is the first Symphony X song that made me say "Holy shit, this is better than anything I've ever heard, ever."
[1] A least favorite Harry Potter book is like a least favorite time of day to have sex: still way better than not getting laid at all!
After Batman: Arkham Asylum, gamers' hope on well made hero games was back, but I don't think any of us believed games could be better than that one!
5) Within the team there is a strong feeling that they are FAR better than anyone realizes and that they can challenge for a championship this season.
8. Prizes/Prize Restrictions: First Place Prize: Better Than Naked kit, consisting of shorts, singlet or T-shirt and jacket.
A backwards leg is better than none -Â A rare surgery is the only wayÂ  a 13-year-old Ohio boy with cancerÂ could play baseball, again.Â Â His leg surgery required doctors to rotate his leg 180 degrees.Â  Here's a warning,Â this video isÂ probably not for the faint of heart.
4. Jesus' joy energizes the soul better than any brightly-packaged energy drink (or alcoholic beverage) on earth!   "But you have made me very happy, happier than they are, even with all their grain and new wine."
1. Mets (remove the black and bring back the classic blue/orange scheme) 2. Diamondbacks (anything is better than what they have now) 3. Marlins (get rid of the excess black in uniform lettering; the teal was fine) 4. Red Sox (get rid of the red day-game uniforms) 5. Cubs (no more pajamas, please) 6. Braves (see Red Sox) 7. Astros (remove the penstripes; use red hats at home, blue, on the road)
7. "The worst reconciliation is better than the best divorce."
12. Indiana Pacers (17-32) Pacer fans can relive the glory days of Reggie Miller through one of ESPN's "30 for 30" documentaries about his rivalry with the New York Knicks, because the 2009-10 season of Pacer basketball isn't going to get much better than reminiscing about Game 5 of the 1994 Eastern Conference finals.
100 Balls isn't going to revolutionize the concept of a video game as you know it, but it was way better than what we've seen at the top of the free charts recently.
05/29/2011 Canad Inns Stadium - Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada Even Better Than The Real Thing, I Will Follow, Get On Your Boots, Magnificent, Mysterious Ways, Elevation, Until The End Of The World / Where Have All The Flowers Gone? (snippet) , All I Want Is You, Stay (Faraway, So Close!),
After a long day at work or school, there is little better than coming home and being able to lay on the couch and relax.
250pen gold rounds are fairly common on standard matchmaking tier 7s - the T29, Black Prince, AMX M4 45, T20 and every non-Soviet TD have APCR gold rounds with over 240 pen (240pen APCR is better than 250pen HEAT), and the SU-152 and IS-2 have access to 250pen gold HEAT.
According to Davidson, drug-eluting stents are slightly less effective at keeping arteries clear in these sicker patients, but they are still much better than bare-metal stents because there are far fewer instances of restenosis, or artery reclogging.
3. Vegeta just wanted to prove that he is better than Cell at fullest.
1. Girls are better than boys at languages.
1) I don't think it is a good thing that supply always comes from the closest source, that is to say that sometimes it is better to let a city and continue the advance.
1 - In the package explorer, right click your "libs" folder and hit refresh... somehow this is better than a normal "refresh"
A firearms exam completed by Oscar Pistorius suggests the star knew better than to shoot blindly at a suspected intruder, the court heard today.
10 is better) The 10 gallon orange round cooler can be bought from Home Depot for $40.
Actually it also made me think of TROY -- this movie is better than Troy, although frankly I'd rather see TROY again, if just for the pretty pretty men - because of that whole mostly-male obsession with seeing your name get written down into history, sung about, glory, yadda yadda.
A day that many Republicans on Capitol Hill dreaded went better than the GOP could have planned, as Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker more than held their own.
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 1 tablespoon Smart Balance Light Buttery Spread 2 onions, chopped 3/4 teaspoon sea salt 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar 1 teaspoon white sugar 1/4 teaspoon white pepper 1 cup Toffuti Better Than Sour Cream 1/2 cup egg mayonnaise 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce 1 tablespoon fresh chives, diced
According to a tabloid report, Jennifer Aniston is telling friends that sex with new boyfriend John Mayer "is better than it was with Brad."
5 54 The queen of the south shall rise in the judgement with the people of this generation, and condemn 199 them: for she came from the ends of the earth that she might hear the wisdom of Solomon; and behold, here is a better than Solomon.
1 Peter 3:17 For it is better, if the will of God should will it, to suffer as well-doers than as evildoers ; (DBY)
According to Eternal Reefs , Carleton said: "I can think of nothing better than having all that action going on around me all the time after I am gone.
92390BN have the smaller magnet of the standard Broadcast studio monitor, (92390PB), frequency response is 40Hz - 13KHz, better than a 450 but only a 450 with an alloy portion, same x.o., not the rarest but rarely seen.
1 Southern Cal: one of two locks for the BCS 2 Texas: zero excuses now for not playing for a national title for this group 3 Georgia 4 Florida State: 5 Louisville: the other BCS lock- outside of Louisville, the Big East is better than C-USA because... 6 Florida: 7 Louisiana State: beat Tennessee and I'll believe 8 Virginia Tech 9 Purdue 10 Georgia Tech 11 Ohio State: San Diego State?
[0103] The predictive power of the Factor 16 screening is better illustrated in FIG. 3 , which shows Factor 16 trajectory for the acute respiratory viral factor described above for the symptomatic (blue) and asymptomatic (red) subjects from the influenza challenge study.
About two-thirds of registered voters - 66% - think de Blasio is the candidate who is better able to make the city more affordable for the average family.
-- Abba Cuss (Count Number) Sir Assur -- Thirteen is better than 11, and 65% is better than 55%, but perhaps you will catch me next time?
3. Women finalists (left to right): Canadienne Janet Matthews took the gold with a crowd-pleasing backflip, Tina Dixon's big smooth frontside-three tailgrabs landed her in third, Tina Basich got more inverted than ever with some 720 cork-flip thing (and should have fared better than second), and Jennie Waara placed fourth, narrowly missing the podium.
About half of the survey respondents felt that certain grapes did better than the others in 2013, but answers varied from Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and a number of other varietals.
63. Regardless of how you usually vote, do you think the Republican party or the Democratic party is better at upholding traditional family values?
After a tough week at the hands of the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians, the Baltimore Orioles seem to like nothing better than some home cooking.
A few years later, after our family had moved to Kane, I was finally old enough, in my dad's eyes, to be taken out on the opening day.By that time, I needed a new pole, something better than the Mickey Mouse pole I had been given years before, and dad took me to a sporting goods store and bought my first rod and reel.
30 people having turkey and the trimmings out on the back lanai facing the golf course, with plenty of libations and celebration, football games being watched in the driveway.The happy couple had a nice wedding ceremony a couple hours prior to the meal and fun was had by all.Met some great people and some dudes to go fishin' with.I love this, I have found me a home, I do declare.This tropical holiday gig might be even better than I had envisioned, which surprises the hell out of moi.
A free-market dictatorship run by a council of smart, right-wing people, is perhaps better than a democracy where women vote, resulting in idiots like Pelosi, Barney Frank, Ted Kennedy, etc. kept in office for decades, with no accountability.
According to the latest state Department of Health data, St. Clair's overall hospital-acquired infection rate of 2.10 cases per 1,000 patient hospital days is better than the state average of 2.22.
after all, the nolans and goyer probably can't write something better than this idiot snyder, can they!?!?!?!?!! superman will suck more than batman and robin.
10min walk to white beach which is better than the beach this hotel is on and its close to the shops and mall.
A couple days later, Hugh Jackman handled the cell phone interruption of "A Steady Rain" brilliantly-"maybe your story is better than mine"-but then, Jackman is portraying a Chicago cop.
-1 since I am missing the sections "C++ is better than C# in that..." and "Java is better than C# ...".
2. From the perspective that the SSPX is being stubbornly disobedient (to which I do not subscribe): I think, for this situation, it is better to look at a general state of disobedience, not as if each disobedient act is an intensifier of the situation.
Adherence is better with acute than chronic medication and tends to wane over time in cases of chronic disease.
1-0, Djokovic: Berdych's FH lets him down down 30-40, and it costs him any and all momentum the Czech had gained by toughing out that second set. 2 FH UFEs sandwiched a gorgeous FH lob over Djokovic (Cahill refused to call him King of the Lob, saying Hewitt's BH lob is better).
3) If, after 7s or so, only three eyes are left, 3xMF with LS may be better than 3s of Hurricane, and they cost a lot less mana: Hurricane is about 26k mana.
8. QB Alex Smith, 49ers The 49ers dominated the Bills in every aspect of this game, but no one played better than their QB.
Adding to other work which has shown the benefits of using coconut fibers and peanut shells, Gustavo Castro and colleagues from Brazil's Instituto de Biociências de Botucatu at the Universidade Estadual Paulista have found that minced banana peel could quickly remove lead and copper from river water and is at least as effective, and in some cases even better than, existing methods.
28 So Samuel said to him, "The Lord has torn the kingdom of Israel from you today, and has given it to a neighbor of yours, who is better than you.
A bit of diversity is to be celebrated on COM - and this review is far better than those ridiculous 'first looks' at diamond and platinum iPhone covers (a snip at $35,000) that seemed to crop up every week a while back.
Adding a sleek fairing and custom-fitted saddle bags transformed the six-cylinder machine into an impressive road bike, its buttery-smooth engine affording effortless cruising at better than 100 miles per hour.
2 Day Supreme is the Best Weight loss pill, I lost 22 lbs in 2 months, it has japan lingzhi and green tea, it has no side effect, except Energy, it is the Best for my husband too, Dont buy the old 2 day diet, the 2 Day Supreme is better, I told my co worker and they all said they love it, It is the Best..
1. DVD: Behind the Candelabra Nobody does extravagance better than Liberace himself did, but HBO's Behind the Candelabra comes fabulously close.
2. David Robinson was better than Shaquille O'Neal and Hakeem Olajuwon: Assuming this is true, the Admiral only falls behind Kareem Abdul-Jabbar -I guess Wilt Chamberlain and Bill Russell, too--for the greatest center of all-time.
1-lane, rough, potholes, gravel, twists and turns, up and down, each mile better than the last.
Abhimanyu donning a middle-class tag around his neck is only fictional; in actuality at times he dresses even better than the spoilt lad Rohan Nanda, drives great cars, and radiates great oomph.
[ 14 ] Nick Butler of Sputnikmusic , while praising the album with an overall score of 3.5/5, summarized the album will "probably date badly and, despite clearly being better than Fever to Tell , it probably won't be remembered by as many people, or as fondly by those people".
17:14  And Absalom, and all the men of Israel said: The counsel of Chusai the Arachite is better than the counsel of Achitophel: and by the will of the Lord the profitable counsel of Achitophel was defeated, that the Lord might bring evil upon Absalom.
1) With the Waukesha case mentioned in Wink's deal thrown out, maybe the DA sees Rindfleisch as the end of the road and figures a bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
Aaina Salon also offers traditional wax services, but most customers agree that eyebrow threading is better and results in longer- lasting beauty.
08/20/2012 (10:00PM - 11:00PM) (Monday) : TWO GRIMMS ARE BETTER THAN ONE AS NICK JOINS FORCES WITH HIS MOTHER TO TAKE DOWN HIS GREATEST THREAT YET - JAMES FRAIN, JESSICA TUCK, MIKE DOPUD AND MARY ELIZABETH MASTRANTONIO GUEST-STAR - As Nick (David Giuntoli) and his mother (guest star Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) continue to battle the Mauvais Dentes (guest star Mike Dopud), Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell) and Rosalee (Bree Turner) fight against the clock to save Juliette (Bitsie Tulloch).
Adam Berzowski: Ride Control - Alpha Locomotive Little Grooves - Alpha Locomotive Live 1/29/05 - Robert Allen Jr. Band Reverser - Reverser Better Than Fiction - American Standard Live at the Road House - American Standard Freedom 5 Miles - The Chris Aaron Band The Burgundy Sessions - Spinnakoepeal Jive
10-06-2014, 10:51 AM JT Paintball ProFlex I picked up my second pair of flexes this weekend (Clear/Black) and they are way way better than before.
19 year-old Taylor Swift had won Best Female Video for her song "You Belong with Me." Imagine the excitement and joy, at 19, you would have felt upon winning what has become a pop-culturally iconic award , only to have some dickhead , who exists only to promote himself and his own agenda, jump up and snatch your joy away by proclaiming that someone else's work was better than that for which you had just won a pop-culturally iconic award .
A flat white paint (super or decorator white) reflects better than glossy white or aluminium foil.
After all, if they grow it in the garden that they made, it will be so much better than something from the grocery store.
3. using an interview in Ann Arbor blame the GOP in Michigan, but then giving a different reason in an interview in a science magazine and then stating in Texas that the overall business climate toward research is better, is evidence of his partisanship in Michigan and opportunism in Texas.
A coal mine 102 operator may selectively mine coal from the coal mine in order to maintain a consistent type of coal for supply to customers, to mine a type of coal that is better accepted on a market, to provide the most common coal to a market or customers, or the like.
2 " Though they lost head coach Brian Kelly to the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and their interim coach, Jeff Quinn , accepted the head job with the Buffalo Bulls , the Cincinnati Bearcats are playing better than ever , according to quarterback Tony Pike .
1A Boys Long Jump...it's Seth Bennett of Meeteetse...and he was a little bit better than his 2A counter-part...21 feet 2 and one-half inches...and it helped because he won the competition by 1 inch.
A few other projects got in the way, and the old Comet sat in the couple's garage until last fall when Albert finally decided to restore it to "better than new" condition.
2. The judges today are skating skill crazy to the point that the skater who happens to be the best in that one aspect (skating skills) is somehow morphed into the minds of the skater skill obsessed judges of today that he is perceived to be 3 times better than the next best skaters in the World in every other aspect of the sport too, even when that is clearly not the case, thus giving the 7 or 8 fall cushion.
9:45  'And if thy foot may cause thee to stumble, cut it off; it is better for thee to enter into the life lame, than having the two feet to be cast to the gehenna, to the fire -- the unquenchable --
12. HOME COUNTRY DESIRE OF SETTLING IN SPAIN Guinea Conakry He would like to raise his children in Spain Ivory Coast He would like to settle in Spain because his country is in war and life quality is better here Morocco He would like to come back to his country Tunisia So far, he would like to continue living in Spain
Adolph Coors Co.'s Coors Brewing Co. is stopping advertisements on CBS television that claim its Aspen Edge beer tastes better than Michelob Ultra, according to Anheuser-Busch Cos., which makes Michelob.
1WD has been struggling a lot lately and that's why we are busy reorganizing the site, taking a leap of faith and hoping that after all the changes we'll come out better than we are now.
7 7) The "challenger rule" - an incumbent's final results won't be better than his final polling - was wrong; 8 8) On election day the early-day voters picked up by early exit polls (showing Kerry with a wide lead) were heavily Democratic instead of the traditional pattern of early voters being mainly Republican.
7x my money from the march bottoms, probably better than every single blogger and hedgie extant.
2) A simulation tool (something better than the SIMULA67 language ...) 3) A network monitoring tool (possibly with graphic interface ...)
6.6 - October 19, 2012 - Deborah from Lily ky using LG LG505c I liked it better than i thought i would.
1) Instead of bringing up the issue of MVC for web-apps, I will instead notice that many of the classes only abstract data, which in general, I feel is better kept out of the code base.
1) You're implying "nobody can do it better than Belgium" when it comes to Belgian style beers.
1.2 The atmospheric corrosion resistance of this steel in most environments is substantially better than that of carbon structural steels with or without copper addition (see Note 1).
1:05-7 HOME OFFICE Men are Better than Women at Ferring Out That Angry Face in a Crowd 1:10-12 Breast Feed or Else 1:12-14 A Hidden Peril Lies in that Warm Moist Air 1:17-9 Murtha, a War Critic, Assails Rove over Speech 1:19 Airline Engine Breaks Apart, Defying Federal Repair Effort 1:21-3 Falsely Accused of Murder at Age 7, a 15 year Old is Back in Court on New Charges 1:24-5 Library Phone Answerers Survive the Internet 1:33 A Flash Drive that Holds Your Computer 1:35 Camera.
8/14/2006 - A University of California, San Francisco psychiatry department review focusing on stress and hormonal shifts' relation to aging found that people who are healthy, active and able to handle chronic stress age better than their peers.
According to the website, five of its sources have reported that audiences "loved the movie" and that "the only thing [the sources] disagree on is whether the movie tested as well as or better than 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier,' which had previously been the best-testing Marvel movie."
Add to that that even mexicans make it harder on other mexicans once they're in the US, the ones that call themselves "mexican-americans" thinking they're better than mexico-born mexicans for example.
90 Far from excluding the working classes, Mill said, "A Radical party which does not rest upon the masses, is no better than a nonentity" (396).
280 Loma Avenue, Tiburon, $1.595 (pictured above) Built in 1962, this 2-bed, 2.5-bath house has been respectfully renovated, and although the saltillo terra-cotta tiles probably date to the 80's, the tongue & groove ceilings have been sandblasted and there's a recent kitchen in the usual light wood with black granite- just better than most.
3. Flint Powers Catholic -- There are few, if any, pitchers in the area better than Chargers senior Ethan Wiskur.
(1:30 PM ET) CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- Gildean Activewear Inc. GILD, -1.78% shares were up 8.2% Thursday after its report of better-than-expected fiscal second-quarter revenue and the reiteration of its fiscal 2012 outlook.
(1:27) With growing global demand for meat and its heavy environmental impact, finger lickin' fake chicken may be better than the real thing.
A Beware of Dog sign is better than nothing; for an added touch of verisimilitude, get a sign that refers to a specific breed rather than the generic Dog.
01-09-2009, 11:28 AM DLX TECHNOLOGY Luxe Pros -fast and better than any spoolies -no macroline -easy and comfortable to hold -tons of programming modes -great on air -magnetic eye plates and pullout bolt guide -able to depressurize the...
After finding a fool-proof plan to get him back alive, he decides in the end it is better for him to stay in limbo as he would disappoint himself, family and friends or something like that.
(9:51 AM ET) SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- EOG Resources Inc. EOG, -4.15% shares rose 5.3% on Tuesday as the company late Monday reported better-than-expected third-quarter earnings.
1 2/3 cups all purpose flour (I use wheat) 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 1/2 cups sugar 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature 2 large eggs (you can use egg whites, but the whole egg is better) 2 teaspoons (packed) grated fresh lemon peel 1/2 cup milk (I use soy - unflavored) 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice
398]] is far too much cruel and grinding poverty in the midst of our civilization, they admit; but they comfort themselves with the belief that it is decreasing; that, bad as it is, it is far better than at any previous time during the present century, at all events; and they scout the very notion that it is even proportionally as great as ever, as too absurd to be seriously discussed.
According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the 2013 Fusion Hybrid is rated at 47 mpg in both city and highway estimates, which is eight mpg highway and four city better than the Toyota Camry Hybrid , which was redone for the 2012 model year.
2. Head To Chinatown On A Boat As much as we don't mind the Red Line, sometimes nothing feels better than the wind flowing through your $35 blown-out hair.
2) My times were always the best when trying to keep all other laps even (although these were pursuits less than 3 miles long) 3) If you get an aero helmet, don't look down 4) Your position is better than mine ever was
13:20 challenge accepted 13:20 too healthy man 13:20 MARGARINE TO COOK MADAFAKA 13:20 any of you guys have a vortex burger 13:20 Real butter apparently is better for you than low fat spread 13:20 i wish Devin was on 13:20 I can't believe it's not butter 13:21 Because there are less chemicals in it, and it's more natural 13:21 isnt margarine like, fake butter?
A choice denied to the farmer on the basis that the (former) farmer is better off pushing buttons on a machine that fills plastic bottles with Coca Cola.
Abdul-Jabbar, curiously, refers to Dirk as a "volume" and "streak shooter" who The post Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Says 'No Way' Dirk Nowitzki is Better Than Larry Bird appeared first on SLAMonline.
1. wanted to know which internet usb stick should i buy for my laptop( tata photon/ reliance netconnect broadband) and whose service is better at gandhinagar? 2. should i buy it from gandinagar or from delhi itself ( my home place) 3. i havnt studied even a word for the pre test-is it to worry? 4. what abt geyser facilities there in the studio apartment?
2) I think Smith will eventually turn into a better-than-average NFL QB and loathe the prospect of having to watch the Browns play against him twice a year.
4) The keyboard is better spaced than then 8830, but a line at Disney World in midsummer has better spacing.
1. RustShack has a sneaking suspicion his G/F is cheating on him 2. CP says break up w/ her 3. H4L0 Comes along and calls RustShack all kinds of names 4. RustShack retorts 4.1 - Hootie claims that Halo 3 is way better than COD4 5. H4L0 keeps talking shit 6. H4L0 takes back his comments 7. We threaten H4L0 8. We back off H4L0 9. H4L0 Challenges Kapitan
A big difference that I'm noticing between the invasion/occupation of Iraq and the slow sucking conflict in Afghanistan is that the journalism being produced out of Afghanistan is better by leaps and bounds: hard-bitten and immediate, detailing the travails of a specific unit.
Accordingly, it is better to utilize as M data that are generated by processing a password by means of a complicate function, such as a one-way function and to store the data M in the server.
According to the even-odd rule, that film would still probably be better than Star Trek V.
A famous dermatologist, the late Dr. Albert Kligman, said that BHAs (in particular salicylic) at concentrations of about 2% are better than AHAs for anti-aging and for skin exfoliation.
15 Perhaps the reason he was separated from you for a little while was that you might have him back forever- 16 no longer as a slave, but better than a slave, as a dear brother.
A clue for the clueless: it's called "democracy," and it's noisy and chaotic and offensive at times, and it's why some of us are members of the Democratic Party, because in general the DP is better at it than the Republan Party.
2nd winner: K.i.d.a.d.a , the shy, yet risktaking, creative writer of a blogger who knows people that know this blogger better than she'd want to admit ( total balaa! ) also blew the competition thanks to her probing skills, arm-twisting & info extracting tacticts.
1.wow why does it take so long to beat! 2.wats an "Inglor" ----------------------------------------------------------- --------------- Ok.....and on to suggestions.... 1.Make more kinds of people attack me, because after snakes it gets kinda boring 2.Make it harder 3.Make lasers less powerful and shields harder to get, i finished with 2000 shield and no damage on hull cause shields rock 4.fix auto cannon so it gets better on upgrade, i got it to 15 upgrades and it didnt du any better than the first.
A bad day at Glacier National Park is better than my best day in so many other locations.
89 points "This blend of 80% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot, and 5% Petit Verdot performed much better than the estate's 2001 Syrah, which was disappointing.
1957/1958 - Without hindsight, I'd have fallen for Diefenbaker's populist rush strategy and all that, but in hindsight the Liberals were far more better than Diefenbaker's fraud populism and incompetence 1984/1988 - Without hindsight, I would have like Mulroney, but with hindsight he was a corrupt failure and while Turner/Broadbent were decent leaders, the Rhinos rock.
151 started giving me the 1x and battery probs but my phone is so much faster and better all around, and memory is awsome, i guess my only real problem is keeping 1XEV all the time so my internet connection is better
[ 27 ] The A.V. Club 's Noel Murray graded the episode a B+, explaining that the episode was much better than the previous week and also praising the introduction of two new characters and the long awaited meeting between Olivia and William Bell.
Actually, Denver is know for its upcoming Oil and Gas Prospects, so it does not surprise as they are probably in a hiring state of mind and thus are reaching out to Houston to find the quality of expertise they need to cultivate and grow bigger in Oil and Gas... Hands down... the UK and Houston for the USA has the experts in the field and who cares if your city is better smelling... Houston and the GOM smells like Money to me :-)
A § 524(g) trust is sill dependent on the success of the capital markets on more favorable terms after its completed bank¬ reorganized debtor to the extent that it is funded by some, if not ruptcy case, it is better able to pursue profitable projects resuling all, of the reorganized debtor's stock.
99mTc-colloid (TCK17 Cis) compared favorably with 131I-human serum albumin as a tracer and both performed better than colloid gold (198Au).
(9) If you really need a Hollywood image of what these creatures are like you can do no better than to rent a video of William Dieterle's 1941 classic The Devil and Daniel Webster (Edward Arnold, Walter Huston), and watch how Mr. Scratch operates.
According to his official biography, all of his operas are "better than any in the history of music."
4:06 p.m. Eastern - On the "Live from the Presidents Cup" pre-game show, Brandel Chamblee agrees with Jack Nicklaus' comments aired the previous day "that the Presidents Cup is better than the Ryder Cup." Why? "Two of the nine (matches) have gone to Royal Melbourne, and that venue allows for separation."
1. GLENBROOK NORTH Jon Scheyer, a 6-foot-6-inch Duke signee, is better than ever to lead Class AA champion.
17 x 2. i'm relieved that he's alright and i feel even better that he's back, even tho i wouldda LOVE to have been on the show where jesse guest appeared but w/e, just like bg said, howard is better, and like nat's said, they've stuck to the formula that they've created for far too long.
6. University of New Hampshire (9-14-2, 6-11-1) New Hampshire's record does not look good, but the Wildcats are playing better than the results show.
12/22/2010 [-] Beatles' Abbey Road crossing now in rock-n-roll history 12/22/2010 [-] Secret reports on New Zealand UFO sightings revealed 12/22/2010 [-] Fritzl's house of horror to be torn down in 2011 12/22/2010 [-] 'World's first' glasses-free 3D TV hits Japan 12/22/2010 [-] Study finds 1 embryo 'better than two in IVF' 12/22/2010 [-] World News UN chief warns of risk civil war will return to Ivory Coast 12/22/2010 [-] Sweden appeals UK 12/22/2010 [-] Colo.
2) Tim Raines - As good as Tony Gwynn, best leadoff hitter in NL history? 3) Alan Trammell - A median HoM SS. 4) Lou Whitaker - A median HoM 2B. 5) Dwight Evans - Strong defense, well rounded player 6) Mark McGwire - Below average defender and baserunner, often injured, massive power (Rick Reuschel) 7) Bret Saberhagen - I like the peak he has better than Stieb.
1 Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying, 2 "Son of man, how is the wood of the vine better than any wood of a branch which is among the trees of the forest? 3 "Can wood be taken from it to make anything, or can men take a peg from it on which to hang any vessel?
Abolishing the monarchy will be no easy task and it might take years to actually make this change take place but Britain is better off without a monarchy and if Britain claims to be a democracy then no one family should be put above others because democracy is based on equality, not class hierarchy.
1. Beatles For Sale: Every Little Thing or I'm A Loser? 2. The Beatles White Album: Martha My Dear or Happiness Is A Warm Gun? 3. Whose Better At Writing Songs: John Lennon or Paul McCartney? 4. Which Beatles Movie Is Better: A Hard Day's Night or Magical Mystery Tour? 5.
1. Henry Aaron - my favorite player, I wear 44 on my softball jersey 2. Frank Robinson 3. Billy Williams - better than #4 but a pretty similar player.
According to an article in Linux Journal , Greenpeace South East Asia says free software has saved the office "a lot of money" that naturally "is better spent on winning campaigns than paying for very expensive licenses".
5. James Brown G/T Troy - Quick footed, long armed, athletic but raw OT from troy who some think is better suited at G as a pro, which should intrigue Reese because he'll be able to stick em at T in a pinch, because of the exp and solid arm length and quick feet.. kinda a developmental guy, but i think he'd be worth the wait, as he has quite a few tools...
02/12/2015 - sara Place is much better now with the new owners.. food looks better, vibe inside is Better, they have a manager who is great, friendly, helpful, and gorgeous.. tom and his wife were terrible.
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â The Western Conference is magnificent, and a lot better than the Eastern Conference.Â We should just crown the team that comes out of the West as the NBA Champs right, thatâ€™s what a lot of media members feel should happen.Â
227 into his dominions, where it was found to thrive better than in Spain, the docks in the latter country having suffered much during the wars consequent on the French Revolution.
A Family Income Benefit is better than Term Insurance, as your family will not have to worry about investing the lump sum payable on premature death.
1. " I don't like, however, that I can't just copy and paste as I could in Windows " If you install "X File Explorer" [Xfe] , which can display a folder hierarchy PLUS 2 file panes [MUCH better than Windows Explorer]... (a) You highlight say the left file pane [give it the focus by clicking on it], and then use the folder pane to navigate to a folder.
Aaron can tell a story far better than most.
9) Up Close with Roy Firestone....And, better than all the tributes, is just to sit and listen to Coach...his beautiful mind, his common-sense solutions, his Midwestern values and that sly twinkle in his eye.
After all, the mantle of V refuses to die, which is a heck of a lot better than Ozymandias' forced utopia just waiting to explode into a violence far worse than any that has come before.
13), and the family is better known than most.
4. Alabama/South Carolina - Steve Spurrier's Gamecocks did much better than expected in his SEC redebut.
4) I downloaded the 4956AGN firmware from the Intel web site, easy instructions once I found them (navigation there confusing), had zero problem installing and running, it's working way better than the wistron atheros miniPC card I had in my inspiron 8500.. way stronger rx signal
Additionally, the Energy Department's National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) worked with private and non-profit area builders to see that new homes being constructed in the wake of the hurricane were 15-30 percent better than required by code.
About an hour... yeah, seems like that's better than useless, but far from useful unless you're really stranded.
A Confederacy of Dunces, by John Kennedy Toole - The whole story is driven by an argument between its male protagonist and his female, superior intellectual rival through letter correspondence and his subsequent constantly failed attempts to prove he's better than her, and quite possibly one of the greatest books in the English language;
, 326 S.C. 248, 252-53, 487 S.E.2d 596, 598 (1997) (observing that to be competent to testify as an expert, a witness must have acquired by reason of study or experience such knowledge and skill in a profession or science that he is better qualified than the jury to form an opinion on the particular subject of his testimony).
27  For it is better for us to be made a spoil unto them, than to die for thirst: for we will be his servants, that our souls may live, and not see the death of our infants before our eyes, nor our wives nor our children to die.
According to Rahul Mehta, president of The Clothing Manufacturers Association of India: "This year, sales have been slightly better than expected, hence retailers are not going on sales early this year.
A. Even those whose job it is to ferret out the truth, e.g., police officers, judges, therapists, perform barely better than raw guessing in studies, reports psychiatrist Raj Persaud in New Scientist magazine.
10 - Christian Bautista & Angeline Quinto - In Love With You [-3] 9 - Adam Lambert - Better Than I Know Myself [-1] 8 - Katy Perry - Part Of Me [+4] 7 - Krissy & Ericka - 12:51 [-1] 6 - Big Bang - Blue [-2]
1 A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth. 2 It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting: for that is the end of all men; and the living will lay it to his heart.
A better debate is whether the Sox' 11-1 record on the way to a championship was better than the Bears outscoring three postseason opponents a combined 91-10 on the way to winning Super Bowl XX.
About the disproportionate comments, I don't understand what you're talking about unless it's her height (which she carries much better than Yaya, Eva and others) or maybe you think her chest is a little small and waist not that defined.
'90s style college rock/power pop that's better than most of the original guys, real bummed out vocals and lyrics about sleeping pills and sitting in the car outside of parties.
Afghanistan joins the governments of Colombia, Kenya, Peru, and the Philippines, along with development organizations USAID, the United Nations Development Programme, the World Food Programme, Mercy Corps, CARE USA, Chemonics International, and Concern Worldwide, which have committed to digitize their disbursements and payments to people living in poverty, thereby becoming eligible members for technical and financial support from the Better Than Cash Alliance.
After Deepika and Asin, Sonakshi debuts opposite Khan twice her age Nitin Gadkari to focus on 'Antyodaya' at BJP national council meeting Arsene Wenger says finishing third better than winning Cup for Arsenal
13 [evidence level B, lower quality RCT] Imipramine, however, was significantly better than paroxetine for relieving nearly all symptoms, including pain and sleep disturbance.
After assessing their progress on several measures, Bull concluded that, "With respect to reading and reading abilities, the results ... show that the vernacular children read significantly faster and better than the control subjects.
Â· 10 Arts : In which you'd visit Eric Ripert 's absent-minded flop, convince Jen C that she's better than this (after Top Chef , we're convinced that she is) and shame Ripert himself into finally taking some responsibilty for this mess.
1DX is a fine camera, but 5DMkIII is better on the performance-per-dollar basis.
#5138002 Posted on: 08/07/2015 01:41 PM Unreal Engine 4 is certainly capable of much better than what the Elemental demo provides that's for sure, it's a few years old now afterall.
$10,000 6 Kings Road G.Napolitano 9-2-1 Fits well in here 3 Artifact K J.Taggart 9-3-3 Better than last indicates 4 Donnie Bop L.Stalbaum 1-3-1 Still has game 1 Exactorman B.Sears 8-7-6 Harmon wins at 20% clip 8 Four Star Tommy R.Pierce 3-5-4 Best of the rest 2 Absolutely Michael H.Parker 1-4-3 Won vs cheaper 5 A J Mcardle A.Miller 7-8-6 Well beaten last 3 7 Art Glass M.Kakaley 6-7-5 Smashed 9 Leutenant General A.Napolitano 5-7-8 Demoted Fourth-$16,000 Clm.Pace;clm.price
3. ''And Moses cried unto the Lord!" - so magnanimous prayer is better than official resignation.
ADR processes are capable of dealing with the range of emotions felt by family members after the death of a loved one better than litigation might be able to.
19 My fruit is better than fine gold;    what I yield surpasses choice silver.
23) Joe Carter - Better than the Baylor/Smith/Johnson trifecta, but still not top 15 material.
A 66-year-old resident of Rocky River, Ohio, Patricia embodies the program's longevity better than anyone alive today, as the kidney she received from her mother at Cleveland Clinic in 1968 is still serving her well, 46 years later.
17 18 The CIS-R in its English and Spanish versions has been used extensively in primary care and community studies with validity and reliability comparable or better than other commonly used structured interviews in mental health.
2. Harry Potter is 10 times better than Twilight.
-02- ... sand was better than coal-a light brown black girl on your arm was good for a man's street cred, it meant you could get a white girl if you wanted to but you'd decided to keep it real and stay with the race.)
"After a hard day looking at all these ancient erections , Johnny John liked nothing better than a hot bath and some quiet time in his room playing with himself.
2010:   Second team All-PFL punter...ranked second in the PFL in punting average...had the league's second-longest punt with a 71-yard kick against Campbell...averaged better than 40 yards per punt in six of Butler's 11 games...tied for second in the PFL in number of punts inside the 20-yard line (16)...dropped four punts inside the 20 against both Taylor and Morehead State...named first team punter on the PFL Academic All-League squad...chosen to the PFL Academic Honor Roll.
3. It becomes a major distraction, sort of like going to the symphony and failing to hear the music because you get in an argument with your spouse about whether the Classicism of Mozart is better than the Romanticism of Brahms.
2. You're hiding things from one another or not communicating In many partnerships there is a "natural division of labor," Segal says -- one partner may be better at sales, while one person is better at the books.
After 3 days on the antibiotics, my throat is better and the night sweats have subsided.
8. The food is better on fans' mental psyches at AT&T Park than Dodger Stadium.
2 creatures are slightly better than 1: For those who've read my Ballcadeias review (if not go ahead and Vote if you haven't: Review of the week!! ) You should remember that i said that i was surprised that it wasn't a Vortex Evolution creature, like it would have you to believe.
1) dont try to add style as runci said 2) get a proper handstyle (just use your own writing its better than something looking like a scribble) 3) change your tag TOX is famous in the uk and TOXUS isnt exactly fantastic letters to write ( Xs are shittttttttttt)
Additionally, the third-year quarterback's pocket presence was also noticeably better than recent games, as he would keep his eyes up, looking down the field for targets before escaping on the run or throwing the ball.
[2] should we suppose that if faced with a hypothetical future willful full-blown executive-in-chief-war-commander-decider type in the oval office .. that the renewed freshly-polished exclusivity clause of an [all new]updated FISA would fare any better than did the original path of exclusivity dictated by the plain old FISA ??
According to the agency, Burbank fared better than hundreds of cities and counties, including the 330 that received an "F," in overall tobacco control on this year's "State of Tobacco Control" report.
+1 here, My personal goal is to get my guilds raid team finished, currently need 2 more healers and we can then go into normal and get into heroic stuff, unfortunately my attitude is, LFR gear is better then heroic gear so im going to take it to give me a better advantage when we do manage to start clearing the raids
AEther Adept - Mist Raven is in this conversation, but I decided that just eating creatures is usually going to be better than bouncing them, so Fiend Hunter made the cut in this slot instead.
According to a 2003 assessment by the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement, eighth-grade students in the Netherlands, Hong Kong, and Australia perform as well as or better than American eighth-graders in science.
After 20+ years of being told Metallica is better than him, that in every top 100 list he's always behind Kirk Hammet and James Hetfield, and people randomly shouting "FUCK YEAH, METALLICA" at him just to piss him off, do you think he would still want to care?
[1]   However, no wonder; there must be a commander-in-chief, and the Annual Review has at least as good, or better, than either army, navy, or government in England.
13) Describe a transcendent moment in a film (a moment when you realized a film that just seemed routine or merely interesting before had become become something much more) The "Cool Rider" sequence in GREASE 2 when I realized Michelle Pfeiffer was hot beyond belief, a major star in the making and that this movie was much better than the original.
[0045] Thus, when the magnesium alkoxide suspensions prepared according to the invention by dry milling and subsequent simple suspension of the milled magnesium alkoxide in an inert hydrocarbon in which the magnesium alkoxide particles are not soluble are used, the morphological properties of the polymer powder can be influenced, which brings with it valuable advantages for an industrial process in that the transport of the polymer powder in the plant is simpler and the powder flow is better.
1) These are the first pyramids in Europe 2) They are the biggest and largest on the planet 3) The cardinal sides have the most precise orientation on the planet 4) The concrete found is better than the best available concrete today 5) They are the oldest pyramids on the planet 6) Underneath the pyramids is the most extensive, prehistorical network of tunnels and chambers ever found 7) In these tunnels they have discovered huge cermaric blocks weighing in excess of 18,000 pounds
[0037] The experiment results in Table 1.2 show that the displays 1 and 2 according to the various embodiments of the disclosure performed significantly better than all the other displays except for number 8. Lower specular reflection signifies performance improvement without power penalty because reflected light from (for example) the sky represents a fixed luminance from the display screen, to which are added the (modulated) visual information.
3. Only negatives are the following, and as you can see they are very minor a) unit is a great size but perhaps slightly heavy (although feels solid) b)ebook reader currently not offered even though with Desire HD c) battery life isn't great - but apparantly much better than original Desire and the HD.
After buying it I realized it would be good to upgrade all my other equipment and that's why I'm all of a sudden into the idea of multi-channel audio better than just DTS.
1. iOS overall has better apps 2. Android offers flexibility but there is frame drop from browsers I do not know why 3. iOS 6 still a little buggy here and there notice it in the keyboard area 4. I love the back camera on mini 5. N7 more sharp but color a little pale vs mini 6. Mini is not native 16:9 so watching movies is a let down 7. Speaker on mini is even better than my notebook which is a dell vostro it is so rich in sound 8.
Adjusting for quality of competition - Stajan faces the second-toughest sledding among centres behind Backlund in an effort to shield the younger kids - we have a Relative Corsi QoC that's, again, better than everyone but Backlund.
1) Email equal to or better than BB 2) FLASH Support 3) Ability to have home screen in landscape WITHOUT using keyboard (pet peeve) 4) Streaming TV (What happened to the V Cast?) 5) Better battery life 6) Better browser (Firefox?)
After a subdued first hour or so, the diminutive Argentinian was a man transformed after netting his side's second goal in a deserved 2-1 victory over a better-than-expected Bosnia-Herzegovina in the day's final game.
1. Red- I like the Red in the games and manga, but game is better.
19-26 is tight 23-24 i love that part especially.. the drums for the slow break down are cool but kind of repetitive.. solo is pretty good nothing amazing but still sounds ear worthy... 89-96 very epic sounding with the harmonies me like.. second solo is better, much better 146-153 ever listen to edguy?? awesome.
According to data from the United States Department of Agriculture , when it comes to affordable food, nobody in the world is better off than American consumers.
A Clash of Kings just might be better than A Game of Thrones , which I felt was one of the best and most original fantasy books ever written.
According to these traditions, this primordial unity can be experienced directly in Versenkung , which Kaufmann translates, not incorrectly, as 'immersion,' but which I think is better rendered as 'meditation.'
22. A plastic substrate selected from poly(alkyleneterephthlate) and polyolefins having the cured residue of the coating composition of claim 1 wherein the coated plastic has barrier properties to carbon dioxide and oxygen better than the uncoated plastic and the coating has at least one property selected from water resistance, moisture resistance, line lubricant resistance acid resistance, alkaline resistance, carbonated beverage resistance, acidic beverage resistance, and alcoholic beverage resistance for up to around 15 minutes at ambient conditions or ice water resistance for 2 to 24 hours.
11 CREATE DESTINATION PAGES FOR POPULAR TOPICS Many visitors who discover your site through search engines will enter through an internal page in your site because it matches a specific search string better than the front page of your site.
1. Fully imported from Korea - Tarama pi-water - depending on configuration price vary from 2k to 6k - what I like is they do sell one 17litre water container that directly links to the filter, fully made of glass - which is much better than the typical plastic container you can find outside, and it only costs RM150 for that big glass container.
1. Would it be difficult to find lighting and hoods for a 5.5 gallon AGA tank? 2. What type of lighting should I use? 3. Should I purchase a small skimmer or is live rock and a 25% water change every 2 weeks OK? 4. How deep should a sand bed be? 5. Should I use live sand or is there another kind of sand that is better?
Africare's HIV/AIDS Service Corps has been created to carry out just such interventions: going right to the people, accelerating and improving efforts already underway, and employing the least possible 'red tape.' Further, through our support, we honor the work being done by and for Africans and hope to let the world community know, better than they know now, that Africa truly can be, not an international drain, but an international partner."
4. I am wondering if it is better to not even give them the form [blank/partially/or completed with written explanation i.e. "do not have sufficient information to complete in allowable time".
Afacility manager, as opposed to an architect, knows the actual day today workings of the building as well or better than anyone else on thepremises.
02/23/2008 (08:00PM - 09:00PM) (Saturday) : "My Dad Is Better Than Your Dad," a fun-filled, family-friendly competition series from the producers of "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?" (Mark Burnett Productions) and NBC's "The Biggest Loser" (Reveille).
4) not sure how they would fix this but I came to the unfortunate discovery the other day that even though the usb ports are on opposite sides of the computer which I though would be much better than being so close together on my MBP, they are so close to the power and thunderbolt ports than if you are using both ports (which I am at work) you cannot use ANY usb drives that are bulky without unplugging something whereas before I had at least one usb port available...
A command under tbe lead of such a man is no better than an armed and organized banditti, With of course, more terrors and power Ior evil than attaches to any bund of robbers and murderers, because its olllcers act under regular commissions and cloak tbeir crimes with the man- tie of authority.
2014 PG Richard Lee (Blanche Ely/ Pompano Beach, Fla.) "OKC because their speed and athletic ability, defensive intensity and their bench is better than the Heat."
17-year-old Sam Bernstein, an amateur from Riverdale , N.Y., fired an opening round 67, one stroke better than Andrew Giuliani, who held the clubhouse lead for much of the day.
A candidate who does rather better than this basic level is likely to get a merit or distinction.
[0113] The MCMC strategy used here is Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC): the logarithm of the posterior is differentiable, and so an MCMC strategy such as HMC which uses the gradient of the log posterior can be expected to perform better than a generic Metropolis-Hastings or Gibbs algorithm, in terms of yielding high quality draws with minimal tuning of the algorithm.
1. Krylova/Ovsyannikov 2. Grishuk/Platov - much better than the first dance, and they could probably do this better than anyone, but there is still a little sloppiness that keeps them below K/O for me 3. Anissina/Peizerat - they got less steady with each segment of the competition; this was still good, but lacked the attack of their first dance 4. Bourne/Kraatz 5. Lobacheva/Averbukh 6. Punsalan/Swallow - strange how "off" they were in this tango, when you look at how ON they were in their tango Free Dance
"After I read your post, I looked up Edwards' ratings by the Children's Defense Fund and the ACLU--few sitting senators rated better than he."
2% overall shadow damage and spirit to hit conversion is better than a 6% bonus to just Shadow Word: Pain.
2) God's Eye Perspective: An overview of the conflict 2.1 Aztlan: The only thing better than power is more power 2.2 Amazonia: Over our cold, dead bodies 2.3 UCAS/Ares: The enemy of my enemy still is my enemy (but seeing them kill each other is priceless) 2.4 Saeder-Krupp: War is business.
[27] 3. Several recall tests on the information are better than one to slow down forgetting.
8. THE MEANING OF "MEANINGFUL USE"Totaling both private and government expenditures, the United States spends moreper capita on healthcare than any other nation - in most cases by a wide margin.Yet, depending on which measures you consider, America achieves healthcareoutcomes that are little, if any, better than those in other developed nations-and insome cases, they are worse.EHR is seen as a way to reduce ongoing costs for both private and governmentproviders of healthcare and health insurance, while simultaneously improvinghealthcare outcomes.
1. Didn't I read somewhere recently that there are new federal standards mandated for street signs that will necessitate replacement of ours? 2. It would be an interesting experiment to see whether the painted sitter or -- better yet -- one of the sittees can make out the signs in the dark and the rain better than your presbyopic self.
1) I have heard, but do not know, that the XTR freehub is better than the XT, but I have also heard that it is more delicate because of titanium bits, does this one for the extra money perform more reliably?
According to the Guardian in an article titled "Signs of recession: the impact on Britain's real economy", HSBC is reducing its workforce by 1,100 in spite of weathering the credit crisis better than some rivals such as UBS where job cuts are also running at 1,000.
#3 - RETURN OF THE JEDI Like many many many other people out there, I'm a certified Star Wars freak (only of the original trilogy, otherwise Star Wars is dead to me now), but unlike most others, I actually think Return of the Jedi was just a little bit better than Empire.
1- If the Hajji has the ability to sacrifice a camel then it is better then sacricing a cow.
about oils: tung oil is better than linseed, because it doesn't darken with age but be carefull to buy PURE tung oil when you do, as we very often find mixtures with tung oil that are not as good reason for that is tung oil is very expensive comparatively with linseed oil or other similar products if the color of your weapon is dark already I guess it's not an issue, but it's something to keep in mind for fair woods
About religion in schools, my take is that as long as there are different religions, there will always be a right and a wrong, one will always be better than the other, one religion will be the one true religion and all the others will just be delusions - according to those who have been lucky or sophisticated or wise enough to have picked the 'true' religion..
317: Sure, Asante Samuel is probably a little better than Chris McAlister, and maybe even Rashean Mathis, too.
1996 was a good year for Metal Music, Behemoth released their album Grom, Arch Enemy released "Black Earth", Cannibal Corpse found that George Fisher was better than Chris Barnes and released "Vile", Mortician, after 7 years of demos and EPs, finally released their first Full Length album and called it "Hacked Up For Barbecue", and a little Canadian Band Called Cryptopsy Released a great album called "None So Vile".
1st gen battery life is quite bad but gen 2 is better.
9. "Jackie Brown" - Quentin Tarantino finally makes another big one, perhaps better than "Pulp Fiction" because the Elmore Leonard story lets him relax into the L.A.-low ambience and scrounging characters, wonderfully acted by Robert Forster, Pam Grier, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Keaton and Bridget Fonda, plus (almost undercover) Robert De Niro.
After a year with Anaheim, he's now on pace for a better than point-a-game year ... After signing with the Ducks as a free agent in 2003, he was reacquired by the Lightning for a second-round draft pick in the summer of 2004 ...
After all, we could probably use Jung to describe The Scorpion King far better than Theodore Sturgeon's "Microcosmic God" but Sturgeon's story is far more stimulating intellectually.
According to a report of critical access hospitals, of 1,326 hospitals surveyed about five financial indicators, Gothenburg Memorial Hospital was one of 32 that performed better than benchmark in a three year time-frame.
After 10 data points, you can get a fairly reliable idea of your new intervention works better than the previous one in improving student learning.
After doing much better than expected against the best in the business, Australia, Bangladesh came just one wicket short of winning her first ever test match in Multan.
A convoy carrying more than 40 tons of munitions was expected to leave Vimy early Monday for a military base east of Paris that is better prepared to handle the weapons, top regional official Remy Pautrat said.
A deadline deal before the team's run to the Stanley Cup Final in 2011, Chris Higgins has turned out a lot better than expected.
©1991 Young God / Rough Trade 1. Better Than You 2. Power And Sacrifice 3.
[12] We must mention that in Mr. Struve's reply Mr. Mikhailovsky finds that Engels betrays "self-admiration" when he says that the dominating, overwhelming fact of modern times, which makes these times better than any other epoch and justifies the history of their origin, is the working-class movement in the West.
A Flight: Joe Cebula (Pinehaven CC) shot 68 (-4) to win, two better than Peter Barton (Airway Meadows GC), Paul Schwartz (Saratoga Golf & Polo) and Adam Bunkoff (Saratoga National GC), who each shot 70 (-2).
2007 launch model with manual gearbox 2008 DCT 2009 CIC (better nav and extra shortcut buttons on I drive controller) 2010 LCI LED rear lights (didn't get new front end as coupe was already vastly better than saloon) and relocated heated seat button to main console rather than lower switches behind gear stick 2nd half 2010/2011 combox (able to option better internet features and stuff)
72 Transubstantiation Tere Sievers 74 Before the Taking of Toast And Tea Christina Stough 84 Yorkshire Pudding Hayley R. Mitchell 87 Svelte Blossom Kirschenbaum 88 Thai Iced Tea Andew Demcak 90 The Mold that Molded a Town Roger A. Dix 95 Less is More, Lean Is Better Chris Callard 100 Chum Michael DiLeva 104 The Mammoth Cave Trip Devan Cook 105 Death Wish #3 Marael Johnson 106 Fasting Scarlett Warner
4. Better Inside than Outside - House of Representatives Democrats have  decided it is better to be inside the committee room having a seat at  the table than to be stuck on the outside with no input or brake on the  direction the committee takes when the controversial Select Committee  begins its investigation into what happened before, during and since the  US diplomatic mission in Benghazi was attacked and four Americans,  including the US ambassador, were killed on September 11, 2012.
1:20 In every matter of wisdom and insight the king asked them about, he found them to be ten times better than any of the magicians and astrologers that were in his entire empire.
(01:58:25 PM) mok0: Will bugs reported in LP automatically be forwarded to mozilla? (01:58:38 PM) jcastro: No (01:58:42 PM) jcastro: there is no automatic forwarding (01:58:49 PM) jcastro: we purposely leave this to humans (01:59:05 PM) jcastro: because your brain can filter out noise better than anything automatic (01:59:17 PM) jcastro: Ok, looks like I am out of time (01:59:21 PM) jcastro: thanks so much everyone for coming (01:59:28 PM) jcastro: I hope you learned something!
after freeing the Mirage Trio, from there torture devices in Team Galactics HQ you need surf, strength, rock smash, and rock climb; when ready go to the spot where you first met cyrus: the south entrence of mount coronet go up and through the level I think there might be a video on you tube that could show you how to get to the top better than I could explain it.
19 Ari Thompson    03/15/2013 10:38:26    MYTHBUSTING Outlook IS NOT better than Lotus Notes, pt 8: Reply without History
2.Lloris-GK-France-Ligue 1 87 diving 84 handling 88 reflexes 87 positioning good speed aswell -68 kicking is standard- 75 A lot better than steckelenburg in my opinion, same height but a lot better and around the same price too
A bit like asking which is better, a flying school in Oslo or a flying school in Sweden?
1. you're fat lose some weight 2. you are harshing the asians just because you think you are better than them 3. if your gonna say something like this don't just take it off the web you coward, can you at least make an apology video?
Admittedly, 2012 may have been an unusually high year for African American turnout in Ferguson, given President Obama's presence on the ballot, but even if black turnout typically fell 20 points behind white turnout in a presidential year, that would still be better than the 3 to 1 disparity during the April municipal elections.
1. Andrew Luck, Indianapolis Colts : I hate to rag on a guy for failing to deliver in his first NFL game, but guys like Cam Newton and Robert Griffin are setting the bar so high and Luck is supposed to be better than both of those guys.
[7]  Recoveries of authentic dicarboxylic acid standards spiked onto a precombusted quartz fiber filter were 70% for oxalic (C 2 ) acid and better than 90% for succinic (C 4 ) and adipic acids.
About one out of every five e-book readers read their books on a Kindle Fire, a shade better than the 17% who do so on an iPad, according to the latest flight of the Consumer Attitudes Toward E-Book Reading report from the Book Industry Study Group and Bowker.
ABL CEO Thomas VanCott said: " With laboratories based in France and the US, ABL is better positioned to support our clients' increasingly global clinical development strategies."
#1 china fibberous #2 the tramps of taro sound #3 echolalia #4 enola gay #5 pulling yarns #6 beaver fever #7 stiletto #8 ass kissin' lips #9 oh my dear #10 the carrion-eaters' #11 thankful hank & the guzzard #12 zug island better than gary #13 march of the zug #14 little crimes
10. Jessie J - Domino 9. Adam Lambert - Better Than I Know Myself 8. Britney Spears - Criminal 7. Nicole Scherzinger - Don't Hold Your 6. David Guetta f/ Nicki Minaj - Turn Me On 5. Hedley - One Life 4. Rihanna - You Da One 3. Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me Maybe 2. Breathe Carolina - Blackout 1. Lady Gaga - Marry The Night
12# 1940 13# "North by Northwest" 14# Anti-hero, no one better than Han Solo in the original "Star Wars" (Greedo dosn't shoot first, Mr. Lucas!) 15# Black and white
According to Weed, "No one knew better than Mr. Bennett the truth, the force, and the effect of the facts I presented, but his mind had been so absorbed in his idea of the pernicious character of abolition that he had entirely lost sight of the real causes of the rebellion."
Additionally, when singletrack and multitrack schools were considered separately, the data showed that singletrack schools perform better than their traditional counterparts, while multitrack schools perform worse.
11:09 you don't know if she has bunches of money.I heard she's been in trouble financially more than once.And unless YOU planned on taking care of the little bastard what's it to ya that she aborted it.I'm anti abortion for myself but I don't want to pay for somebody elses blessed mistake.That baby is better off with Jesus than with Fantasia.
3. Bill Monroe (5) - Still not convinced he was better than Grant or Johnson, but I am confident he should be ranked near Pike and Jones.
13. "Top Chef All Stars" (Bravo) - OK, so this season is far from over, but already it ranks near the top of the "Top Chef" list - certainly better than the spring's disappointing edition.
16:9 is better for widescreen movies and smartly built apps that take advantage of the real estate for tools and controls managed on one side leaving the core body to make... a 4:3 ratio.
1) Agility converts into better than 60% dodge-rating.
3. To him the porter openeth-that is, right of free access is given, by order of Him to whom the sheep belong; for it is better not to give the allusion a more specific interpretation [Calvin, Meyer, Luthardt].
After all the backlash, let's praise them and say they're better than the competitors because they've changed all this stuff.
3. Move the dough to a greased mixing bowl (finesse works better than strength when removing the dough hook), cover and let rise until doubled, about an hour.
3. If I find myself arguing with a large number of people that my vision is better than their vision, I should probably realize that both visions are going to have a market and I should be thinking over how well they can coexist in a single game rather than which has the right to exist.
According to Stern at a special press conference on Monday, we can expect to see a better-than-Hubble image of Pluto as New Horizons approaches the Kuiper Belt from January 2015 onwards - and that's when many questions about Pluto's mysterious nature will start to be answered.
6. Key of Beethoven's "Emperor" concerto E-FLAT Beethoven's "Piano Concerto No. 5 in E-flat major, Op. 73" is better known as the Emperor Concerto".
23/1/2016- Today's 43 new deaths by drowning in the Aegean Sea brought Europe's migration crisis sharply back into focus just as the French Prime Minister, Manuel Valls, warned that unless the flow of refugees is better managed, it could cause the break-up of the European Union.
[38]  Application of a linearized stratospheric photochemistry for ozone production and loss (Linoz) allows us to model successfully the total ozone column and its short-term variability and appears to be much better than simpler approaches.
17 From these facts it is not difficult to discover the attitude of the Macedonians in general towards Philip; and as for the mercenaries and Infantry of the Guard who surround him, though they have the reputation of being a fine body of well-drilled warriors, I am told by a man who has been in Macedonia, and who is incapable of falsehood, that they are no better than any other body of men.
1) thermometer.....its accurate more than expected 2) tachometer is what i didn't even notice when bought it, cause they didn't even mention it in overview, 3) it looks very expensive 4) bigger is better, and this is what it is.
After countless town hall meetings and conferences with leaders of other cities that dealt with catastrophe, Tuscaloosa's leadership opted to take the long view, to take some extra time to plan and build a city that is better than the one the tornado devastated.
11 of those Japanese and only 3 of those Japanese cars were any better than the 40-some mostly GM/Chrysler American cars I had.
1) You are getting direct access to the blueprint of knowledge I have built Creative Content Agency on, straight from the source, raw and uncut, explained 1000 times better than I could do it myself from the guys I learnt it from.
3 With a good transmitter and receiver, better-than-average servos are the next important ingredient.
4)AJax is better than Grandy, based on two and a half months of data
[ 36 ]  Supporters of Capital Punishment also believe that justice is better served with the use of the death penalty.
Aaron Ho , known to his poker-playing college buddies as "Triple A" (Aaron the Asian Assassin), had a better than 4-1 lead on Steven "The Snake" Spezzano .
11am CEST sees the Find 5 officially arrive in Europe with the launch of the new OPPO Style Europe store The OPPO Find 5 is an intriguing device, and as we found out in our full review, much better than some may give it credit for.
1- Acting.. Michael J Fox is Back and better than ever.. Jeffrey Combs is so freaky (It's good to have him back in view again) John Astin is funny as hell.
2009 Kawasaki KX250F MONSTER ENERGY (HQ) 2009 Kawasaki KX250F MONSTER ENERGY i will be making a video soon at the track this bike is a great bike, it rides better than it looks... i would recommend ...
4. Useful software brings more income to its developers than less useful software, hence there is better incentive for better software (according to all criteria, which may have economic consequences - stability, extensibility, user-friendliness, power,...).
4. Ibanez RG370DX is very cool for $370, but for $427 the Jackson feel is better and the person using it has small hands.
1 - Why you wanna play games, I ain't got time Ya see, I can play it better than ya Makin' me feel like I should play the same games Do you really wanna?
[11:19] GC: It'd be better than you sitting there for five hours waitng for it to download in general.
2. Pay your paster and staff to tell you every how you'll live forever and that you're better than everyone else.
7. battery life seems to be better than I expected but here's the thing: display brightness goes down by at least 20-30% at the maximum brightness level compared to the same setting with A/C power, so I really wonder what it wrong with that picture.
34. Preventing and Managing Crisis & Conflict 33 IV.G: HOUSE RULES (10-20 minutes) TRAINER STATES: In order to keep a building as safe as possible, it is important to establish house rules that are: Enforceable Clear and consistent Well-known by tenants and staff Rather than having too many rules, it is better to concentrate on a few that you enforce.
23. needed in understanding increasing complexity and being quickly able to visualize it in today's world and become part ofour tool box for determining the next steps.Some "stand outs" that I gainedIt is hard to suggest one part was better than another, it was this convergence that made the event come together butfor me the timely reminder by Mark Johnson on the strategic importance of the jobs-to-be-done cannot be everunderstated.
A direct quote from one letter summarizes this succinctly, "From taking the lead in the editing of the second edition of the massive and highly acclaimed The Jepson Manual: Vascular Plants of California ... to biosystematic studies, to cutting edge molecular studies published in high impact journals, Bruce covers the spectrum of our field as well or better than any other contemporary plant taxonomist."
Admit it, you always liked Chris Martin better than Gwyneth Paltrow.
@33 & 35 & everyother steelers fans I hope you all choke on your stupid primanti sandwich REED & Ravens D were infinite times better than Shitsburgh & Polamalu (get a hair cut) the only reason you beat baltimore: we were the only team to go 17 weeks in a row also we have a rookie QB from delaware....delaware (& all wins you barely pulled out), stop the cockyness you lost to the eagles
10-Hello Broadway (2): If there's another horse in South Florida training better than this guy we don't know who it might be.
Actually plays better than my squire std jazz with no fret buzz and only 1 or 2 frets that are slightly high.
adg211288 Better Than Raw (1998), also known as That Helloween Album with the Saucy Cover (Okay I might have made that up, but if it isn't then why the hell not?) is the eighth full-length album by German power metal act Helloween.
2)The Sharks D has to play much better than LA series- Boyle is logging too many minutes in my opinion but more importantly he is a D liability every time he is on ice- which shows how thin our D group is
6) Tyronne Lue : Knows the triangle, better than Smush or Sasha or Shammond.
2. Do any of you have a favorite year that the model was manufactured, also which is better, the one with most of the stitches built in and has 5 cams and the top lid flips up showing the stitch patterns, or the one that has a lot more cams?
#5) Signing Nick Young / Not Re-Signing Jodie Meeks / Trading for Dorell Wright who is better than Nick Young in every way..
2 cups fresh mint, roughly chopped 1 teaspoon salt (reduce to taste if sodium is a concern) 2 tablespoons olive oil 1 yellow onion, finely chopped 3 cloves of garlic, minced 1/3 cup dry white wine 2 cups Arborio rice 6 1/3 cups hot Imagine Foods' low-sodium No-Chicken Broth 3/4 cup frozen peas 1 scant cup snow peas or sugar snap peas, trimmed, blanched and halved 1/2 cup nutritional yeast 2 tablespoons Tofutti "Better Than Cream Cheese" , plus extra for serving Snow pea tendrils (optional)
+ actual character development, which is refreshing considering the brevity of the story + the story is better told than any previous halo game and the contrast between night and day gameplay is wonderful + music is quite different from other halo games, but stands in in own right + + actual characters, not just Jon everyman the stereotypical action hero and a supporting cast of fodder.
27  Younger children with public coverage appear to lag behind privately insured children on well-child visit rates and immunization rates, but adolescents with Medicaid or CHIP may fare as well as or better than adolescents with private coverage.
Actually alleged campaign finance reform does zero as it relates to counting the very real monetary value of hundreds if not thousands of union "volunteers" that flood elections where the union's endorse someone (usually a Democrat) That is a valuable resource and in many cases its more valuable then money, since committed support is always better than that which you can purchase.
3 The IMF's External Relations Department surveyed the major news wires; nongovernmental organizations; financial market participants affiliated with major U.S. investment banks; Washington, D.C., metropolitan area university professors specializing in the fields of economics, business and political science who have a better than average understanding of the multilateral institutions based on long time exposure to Fund publications and contacts with IMF personnel; and key specialists who have worked on IMF-related issues for a number of years.
A final thought: it would be ironic if a tax-cutting Democratic candidate defeated the Republican candidate largely on the perception among voters that the Democrat is better able to handle the economy!
@ Acid_Head : Ok last thing I promise, I forgot I also got offered TY Hilton and James Starks for Keenan Allen (same dynasty league) which I really like Starks because of Lacy's injury history, run style, and just Starks rating as an explosive runner last season was really high (better than Lacy's even) so I think he could be underrated this year and would help as RB depth.
53 The lives and labors of migratory farmers were far from ideal (the family that Beck described was exceptional in many ways), but the condition of those who lived at Delmo was dramatically better than the image presented on the roadsides in January 1939.
According to the press release, Texas Democratic Party Chairman Gilberto Hinojosa said, "Texans deserve better than a statewide office holder and candidate running for governor who welcomes Ted Nugent and his repugnant comments.
3. The art on the walls this week is better than usual for this kind of place.
A current example of death by delay is the Keystone oil pipeline proposal, which would have taken crude oil from Alberta in Canada to refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast - far better than sending it by rail tankers.
1gb more is better than 1gb less (some have only 8gb).
(2) What does the Spectrum offer that makes it perform better than a detector that has far simpler controls and Which does not need the learning effort?
25 seat in the House of Representatives (Broward, Collier and parts of Miami-Dade counties), Mr. Gonzalez acknowledges that immigrant Cubans often have it better than other immigrants from the Americas.
After a steady decline from May 2008 through January 2009, we've been told, orders received in February, March, and the first half of April were similar to or slightly better than January's.
A BETTER-THAN-EVER-LISTENING EXPERIENCE Pandora is personalized internet radio that is designed to help you discover new music that you'll love mixed in with music that you already know.
@ 2eo : I am not arrogant nor at any point did I express the opinion that America is better or superior...You will continue to twist my words to suit your purpose so what is the point of even trying to develop an interesting dialogue or to trade quips and barbs in the spirit of fun...If you weren't such an insufferable ass I would have liked to call you friend... @ the other Greg :Sorry, I was a born again pagan so I am a tad sensitive about the Wiccan thing...
1 lb asparagus 2 shallots (sliced) 3 tbl olive oil 1 can great northern beans 1/2 c or so (veggie better than bouillon) 3 stalks celery 3/4 can artichoke hearts 1/2 tsp cumin 1 tsp onion powder 1/2 tsp pepper 1 tbl thyme 1/2 C white wine 2 tsp lemon zest 1 tbl fresh lemon juice -
2) The producers adamantly believe, in the long run, it is better for Asian Americans.
Actually, William is better known as Bill .Bill Gates, the wealthiest man in the world.
After all, his bureaucratic empire had been based on the most brutal form of slave labour; conditions in some of the factories under his control were scarcely any better than in concentration camps.
[17] This last work, as some may recall, inspired one Glenn Brown - an artist little better than those cony-catchers who insist on peddling cut-rate readymades and stillborn camcorder-clips to Serota and Saatchi - whose 1998 non sequitur The Tragic Conversion of Salvador Dali garishly reproduces the minutiae of Martin's painting.
A Big Picture Overview: Some States Better than Others According to the U.S. Census Bureau's "American Community Survey 2009," women's earnings as a percentage of men's earnings are the highest in a handful of states: California, Nevada, Arizona, Texas, Florida, New York, North Carolina and Maryland.
- 1961 Chevy Impala Bubble Top - Frame-off nut and bolt restoration - Every part new or rebuilt - Powder coated frame and suspension components - Factory air conditioning - Factory power steering - Factory power seat - Absolutely one of the finest in the country - Runs, drives and looks better than new - Car must be seen in person to be appreciated
143 Robert Bothwell states in Alliance and Illusion on page 331 that Pierre Trudeau's relations with Nixon were not as good as he thought, but better than most Canadians believed.
2. The little Faustinus is suffering from a cough, and has come to his holy sister to be cured, and came willingly, for he found that the complaint of his stomach is better cared for here.
After getting a $3,000 quote to dump gravel and smooth our 800' dirt driveway, we ordered the DR Power Grader and in a day had it looking better than it ever has.
A 14-8 record is likely better than most expected the defending champs to have following their whirlwind offseason and everything that comes with winning it all.
2.GPU( which is key component nowadays for web browsing, all multimedia tasks ) wise AMD TEMASH is much better than what intel can offer and in terms of Floating-point performance in gigaflops atom even can't stand in front of AMD TEMASH look this- intel HD Graphics 4000 -83.20 GFLOPS Intel HD Graphics 4000 i7 3770k - 104.0 GFLOPS AMD TEMASH AMD Radeon HD 8280G- 102.4 GFLOPS Intel atom - intel will not show 3. cost of AMD TEMASH will be lower than intel atom
2.Do they feel no sense of duty towards the American citizens who are paying their very decent salaries, health care benefits far better than the majority of Americans can hope for, and substantial pensions?
16in freak barel (silver back blue front) cp reg (blue) roller trigger unimount contract killer grip (blue) i dont know what kind of feed it has, but its better than stock (look at the pics) also comes with stock barrel and grip
28 The stress value in this analysis was 0.237, which is better (that is, lower) than average.
1) AIM's Lancaster has a new US (stainless I believe) barrel - so far I've heard of no keyholing issues and stainless would be a little better than non with corrosive surplus.
1. Don't know haven't got one yet (Two week till I do) 2. Favourite pokemon: Flygon, by far, Favourite move Dragon claw or breath 3. Favourite version Sapphire because Kyogre is better (by type advantage) than Groudon and my favourite colour is blue
[ 47 ] Senator Dean Smith stated, "Last night's departure into current political events will come as a slap in the face to many, many Australians, and a significant breach of trust because she would know better than most that that central office is so integral to stay above the day to day political fray."
4 mpg better than that tiny old Escort and twice that of the Apollo.
3. Raymond Tiangco - My Legs Look Better Than Yours - Philippines / 37 Points (ONCE-Eroski 25, Cofidis 7, Bonus Points 5)
After a long Thanksgiving weekend spent with family, the idea of booking a hotel for a Christmas and/or a New Year's Eve getaway may sound better than ever.
#140: Either we can all become better than the prison experimenters who succumbed to brutality, or only certain rare individuals, such as Ghandi, have the power to resist temptation.
Actually, it's true that Bahrain's death-on-the-road rate is globally quite respectable - about 10.5, similar to the USA and better than regional neighbours like Saudi Arabia and Kuwait - but the journalistic spin about "progress" is dubious and the entire front-page article is basically a puff piece for the Bahraini authorities, beginning with: "As the year draws to a close, the Bahrain Police Force continues to perform their duties professionally and in accordance with the law.
Acceleration is better with this particular engine, and the Duratec engine in its midrange performance surpasses the Vulcan engine in every way.
2. For those who can't wait for the new iphone to get flash while taking pictures there are tons of options both in the apple appstore and on Cydia or rock, they don't work as well as a flash but are better than nothing...
#4-at least its a beginning-learn a lot thru these simple jobs-show up on time-dress / personal hygiene-etc etc -albany high school has hugh drop at rate--these jobs for them.. better than being on welfare and sleeping late in morning after being up half the night smoking 9/00/pack cigs.
1: Smashbox BB Cream 2: NARS Orgasm 3: Naked Palette 4. Naked 2 Palette 5: Urban Decay Primer Potion 6: Too Faced Better than False mascara 7: Urban Decay 24/7 in Perversion 8: lip balm 9: pink lipstick 10: Urban Decay double sided eye shadow brush (from Naked 2) 11: eye liner brush 12: 2 sided mirror (one magnifying) 13: Urban Decay Heavy Metals liquid eyeliner in a purple glitter (yep.
1 scoop of the blue makes my water taste better than a blue powerade zero lol i have never believed in these silk aminos but made for some refreshing intra workouts when i added a little bit of LCLT and agmatine.
According to Frobose, there are many key areas where audio language programs work far better than computer language programs.
(2) Your definition of what constitutes IS/IP also matters, I have tried to be as agnostic as I can in the following description (3) All the above are effective when trained to high level, but some methods de-emphasize or emphasize certain aspects, so the question who is better in a fight is not really relevant as all these people can still kick my ass.
6 million copies for DKCR is nothing to scoff at, and even though the Wii U doesn't have the install base to match those numbers, you can bet that Tropical Freeze would still sell better than a Metroid title.
3) I realize that abandoning a cart is serious business...........I've done it a few times, after taking my time to get what I need, what I need to get "O" for payment and stand forever in a checkout waiting for my turn..........a waste of better than an hour time............then to have to go to another store and REDO it all over
1 lb green beans or lima beans 2 large onions, peeled and finely chopped 2 Tbs vegetable oil 1 tsp vegetarian "beef" bouillon powder 1 slice dark bread, toasted 1/4 box silken Tofu, cubed 1/4 lb Tofutti Better Than Cream Cheese 4 oz chopped pecans 1 tsp margarine Salt to taste
1. ZOO STATION 4:36 2. EVEN BETTER THAN THE REAL THING 3:41 3. ONE 4:36 4. UNTIL THE END OF THE WORLD 4:39 5. WHO'S GONNA RIDE YOUR WILD HORSES 5:16 6. SO CRUEL 5:49 7. THE FLY 4:29 8. MYSTERIOUS WAYS 4:04 9. TRYIN' TO THROW YOUR ARMS AROUND THE WORLD 3:53 10.
According to their sources, the device is "well-received" by Google and looks better than those currently offered by LG and Samsung.
9 - I mentioned that the food and service were better than average... we also ate at the Tuscan Grille, an Italian Steakhouse and the Silk Harvest which was a Euro Asian cuisine.
A. B.: [As Adelaide] Listen, I can fly this plane better than you can with my left hand behind by back.
2008 trour 8th but still way better than Nibali (who is 1 year older) and also 5th in olympics immediately after 2009 2nd in Tour.
1-1 Pittsburgh Steelers at 0-2 Oakland Raiders CBS; DTV channel 716 Steelers -3.5 (3 units); under 45.5 Home teams get three points; am I to believe that the Steelers are only a half point better than the Raiders on a neutral field?
After being pulled into the bottom three with Anoop Desai and Allison Iraheta (the latter had no business being there after a better-than-Gwen "Don't Speak" Tuesday night), Joy was told that no matter how she sang, the judges weren't going to use their save for her.
10. Sex and the City 2 The movie sure made escaping the misfortunes of love and life look glamorous, but after traveling to Abu Dhabi for a deluxe excursion, Carrie, Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte come to realize that life and love back home is better than they thought.
According to the IEEE, the current unemployment rate for the major IT fields (software developer, database analyst , systems analyst, web developer) is 7.9 percent, only marginally better than the general unemployment rate.
1)If the Academy of the Hebrew Language ( Akademia le-Lashon ha-Ivrit ) is so good at coming up with new Hebrew words for nearly any development (amongst the new ones are 'zamrir' for 'jingle', 'samlil' for logo', and 'le-masrer' for 'to send a text message'), why could they not come up with something better than "Akademia" for "Academy"?
(A casting strategy that works better than Kate Beckinsale as Ava Gardner, and much better than Gwen Stefani as Jean Harlow.)
a chewy, not exactly nutritious but thoroughly watchable exercise like one of the lesser "Lethal Weapon" movies, or maybe an older near-great (or at least better-than-average) fun genre exercise like "The Hot Rock"
1DMK IV in a Seacam Housing, I find the APS-H format just get's me closer and for my Macro Imaging works better than anything else I've tried (FF/APS-C), primarily it allows me to better utilise the 100f/2.8
Additional Credits: A BETTER THAN CLEAVAGE ORIGINAL - Written by and Starring Adam Ginivisian - Directed by Thadd Williams - Produced by Jack Humphrey - Edited by David Sous - Also starring Geoffrey Golden, Kurt Kroeber, Kimlai Yingling, Lindsay Theel and Barack Obama
After all, in most cases, the company employees will almost always understand their own brand and business better than an outside agency because they live it and breathe it 24/7.
2 posted on 07/30/2012 10:24:15 AM PDT by Mrs. Don-o (It is better to be the child of God than king of the whole world.
a addict you may even experiment with a little extra just to see if you can feel better than normal) (a lot of people get started on way too high of a dose so they feel dizzy, nauseous, and get that infamous bup headache)
According to  Motor City Muckraker , the Detroit Police Department has quietly discontinued putting out its "Major Crime Summary Report" and instead now puts out a summary report of cases that have resulted in arrests , which is better for its image.
A ball of flames is better than simply shitty baseball.
According to head regent Patty Stonesifer , late of the Bill Gates Foundation , the museum complex was not damaged by the museological world's condemnation of Clough's leadership, but was in fact "doing better than before he got here."
Add only sediment ferts since less is better in the water column, again, he supports inert sediments exclusively.
13 Apr 2006 @ 09:34 by Mr TODD @220.57.164.8 : To Mark Merck welcome What only two birds with one stone, I an do better than that.... First as to Mr. Brown..well my Boss knows all about Mr. Brown and said that He did not have a lot of confidence that Jim Bown was even interested in doing something other than selling books.
Actually, the Kentucky moment was better than winning the two National Championships, because it was the epitome of what I try to get from a team in a crisis situation.
3×3, they should not scare you take your belief, i think when tsunamis, hurricanes and bombing wash away lives, God is always in hiding not to die, do you think those people a very sin full better than i or you , so if its believing i do not believe in a Petty, Coward God of Christian, Moslem's or the God all people at large as portrayed!!!!
4 For thus says the LORD: "To the eunuchs who keep My Sabbaths, And choose what pleases Me, And hold fast My covenant, 5 Even to them I will give in My house And within My walls a place and a name Better than that of sons and daughters; I will give them an everlasting name That shall not be cut off.
After just 10 games as a collegian, Przybilla can already block shots and trigger a fast break better than former center John Thomas, who was a first-round pick in the NBA draft two years ago.
According to Freidman, the U.S. economy has an advantage to lure foreign investment because it can handle large infusions of investment better than any economy in the world, including the European economy.
8) Wright, David - lots of good seasons from 3B 9) Beltre, Adrian - another 10) Kershaw, Clayton - best pitcher in the National League 11) Braun, Ryan - another solid hitting season 12) Price, David 13) Harrison, Matt - better than I thought, never really considered him a top pitcher before 14) Headley, Chase - good season in a pitcher's park 15) Bourn, Michael - speed and defense numbers are very good
1894 - By a complete coincidence, on Aug. 2, Frank Sandford receives the "Baptism of the Holy Ghost", which he describes as "Better than salvation."
After being around girls for so long, his sister Sophie and his half-sister Pixie, he knew better than to interrupt girls when they were talking.
2. Arians will be exposed as a HC this season in AZ with limited talent at QB, but to be fair what HC wouldn't 3. Our offense under Haley this year will be better than last year because Ben seems to be embracing it, Wallace is gone (hence taking away Ben's worst addiction waiting for deep patterns to open while passing on sure gains shorter) and we have a very good RB in Bell.
1Introduction Over the past thirty years, a large amount of e?ort has been devoted to answer- ing the question why some countries perform better than others.
1. It's better than prison : HOUSEARREST 8. #1 on Bravo's all-time "100 Funniest Movies" list : ANIMALHOUSE 15.
A breath of fresh air seemed to blow through the house, and something better than sunshine brightened the quiet rooms; everything appeared to feel the hopeful change; Beth's bird began to chirp again, and a half-blown rose was discovered on Amy's bush in the window; the fires seemed to burn with unusual cheeriness, and every time the girls met their pale faces broke into smiles as they hugged one another, whispering, encouragingly, "Mother's coming, dear! mother's coming!"
10.)Given 8 and 9, If human beings are to recognize and receive a communication from God answering to the question of human destiny; God must employ some instrumentality within the created order such that the human being looking into the claims of such a "divine" communication can recognize that instrument as the very "voice of God"; Who alone has the knowledge and authority necessary to answer the question of human destiny with something better than human opinion - namely, divine knowledge.
1776 is a better-than-average family film bound to become a 4th of July holiday staple.
After Botham, next one is Imran Khan with six hundreds and also 18 half centuries, although he is better bowler than him.
2) The idea of being able to break out into a new wiki page (called a tiddler) at the drop of a hat takes some getting used to, but fits the non-linear nature of my journal and personal knowledge base entries much better than the mostly linear google docs.
actually it isn't kids that do not have family that work do better than those raised in public assistance alone even if the total take home $$ is the same.
Actually they bought it because it's better than EQ2 and the Vanguard world is being merged/used/implemented into EQ3/Vanguard 2.
Additionally, while it's true that progress in technology is incremental, a high-end bike in 2013 is vastly better than one from 1993.
7. Speaking of buying, did the person who told you this recently spend 2 grand on an Integra 7? You have to watch out for salesmen, but people who've spent that kind of cash on a product will often psychologically have to justify their purchase, by making the thing seem even better than it really is.
1991 (Everything I Do) I Do It for You - Bryan Adams It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over - Lanny Kravitz Fading Like a Flower (Every Time You Leave) - Roxette You Know Me Better Than That - George Strait
Absolutely - but it's always hard to read those comments when you are a fan of some of those British Leyland products, and restoring one to a standard hopefully better than its former glory consumes most of your spare time and money!
29 September, 2011 30.7 miles (Total: 1569.1 miles) 61,400 steps (Total: 3,430, 801 steps) The weather is unseasonably hot people tell me-great weather for walking-well to a point; sure it is better to have sunshine than thunder and lightning, but
#67 Bedtime for Frances by Russell Hoban, illustrated by Garth Williams (1960) 28 points It doesn't get better than this.
According to the Official State Biography these were "better than any in the history of music."
21) RA THE MC -  Fresh of a season of "The X Factor," Ra The MC is refocused and better than ever.
A better-than-expected earnings report from Citigroup ( C ) also improved the market's mood.
1) Chicago, Richmond and Dallas PMI's better than expected 2) Initial Jobless Claims show big drop 3) New Home Sales touch above estimates and Existing Home Sales at 3 mo high (caveat looking forward being foreclosure issues) 4) UK Q3 GDP at 3.2% rises twice forecasts and consumer confidence hangs in 5) French, German and Italian consumer confidence hold at good levels 6) Personal consumption and equipment and software spending good in Q3 GDP.
3  Consequently, while to devote one's life to the task of accusation, and to be tempted by the hope of reward to bring the guilty to trial is little better than making one's living by highway robbery, none the less to rid one's country of the pests that gnaw its vitals is conduct worthy of comparison with that of heroes, who champion their country's cause in the field of battle.
After adding Steve Smith in free agency, an addition of Blackmon would make this receiver squad drastically better than last years.
1 medium white onion, chopped 2 large cloves garlic, minced 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 tablespoon coriander, crushed 1/2 teaspoon cumin 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon fresh ground pepper 1 tablespoon tomato paste 3/4 cup quinoa (I used red for color contrast) 1 can chickpeas, drained and rinsed 11/2 cups water 2 teaspoons vegetable better than bouillon paste
19 "My fruit is better than gold, even pure gold, And my yield better than choicest silver....
2) Get an old pair of fleece/poly sweat pants (repels water better than cotton) at good will with a drawstring in a thin waistband.
(2) Some of the specified crime charges could be related to the more repetitive types of criminal behavior (e.g., robbery, burglary), but was a single charge better than a combination of charge types for identifying serious habitual offending if a relationship between charge type and future offending exists?
Admit it, this is better than Quidditch foul number 87, isn't it?
A $25 million opening in China - better than "Ghost Protocol" - drives the Warner Bros. sci-fi saga
[30] When there were set before him in the evening the steeds that paw the ground 1 , and he said, 'Verily, I have loved the love of good things better than the re- membrance of my Lord, until (the sun) was hidden behind the veil; bring them back to me;' and he began to sever their legs and necks.
2. Larry Foote - The veteran may only have a few years playing at a high level left, but is currently better than any other in the division - or at least proven himself.
(1) On average and for all the data sets, the multi-task learning algorithms H-MTL, GA-MTL, GA-MTL-IR, and e-GA-MTL perform better than the feature selection algorithms GA-FS and ALL.
Abu Forgor, the National Organizer of the Convention People's Party (CPP) said it is better late than never adding that the party would be pleased if the register is released today.
5- Marisa Miller: What a perfect body ... & for the pictures i can see that her walk was a thousand times better than last year.
11. Speaking of trades, I would like to see the trade system to be better than the time machine of GSC (In which you have to only have Pokemon that are from the first gen with no new moves.)
3D Rendering Performance Lightwave 3D 7.5 - radiosity_reflective_things (Render Time in Seconds - Lower is Better)
After all, a film about a Civil War veteran ending up on Mars does sound a bit ridiculous in a Cowboys & Aliens way, but John Carter actually works better than that movie, thanks to the literary foundation given to it by Edgar Rice Burroughs, from whose novel "A Princess of Mars" the film was derived.
3) The exception to #1 above is when you wish to start with a pre-ordered list of raiders: just add them all, use the 'Move Up' and 'Move Down' buttons to order your list, and then click New Raid (this makes it appear as though they have attended a raid, but it's better than breaking the spreadsheet).
A few hours after arriving and being very let down by Bern's souless Christmas market (honestly Manchester's is better by far) we were even more upset to discover our Ipod was missing presumably left on the plane from Munich.One call to reception and in within half an hour the IPod was coming back in a prepaid taxi from the airport where we picked it up after dinner.
A beach lifeguard is better off than a pool lifeguard, but both enjoy the health benefits of being outside in green spaces.
A few more songs in, and a combination of the heat upstairs, tiredness, the poor quality of the sound (better than the disgrace that it was for Tapes 'n Tapes, but still pretty shit), and just the fact that the show wasn't moving us very much, meant that we thought that it was time to go.
[ 20 ] A trailer for the movie, which featured Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder choosing between three permanent markers in a shop before turning to the camera and saying "Three's good... Twenty is better," was shown before select movies at the 2011 BFI London Film Festival .
18:8 says, "And if your hand or your foot causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it from you; it is better for you to enter life crippled or lame, than having two hands or two feet, to be cast into the eternal fire."
19  Laban said, "It is better that I give her to you than to give her to another man; stay with me." 20  So Jacob served seven years for Rachel and they seemed to him but a few days because of his love for her.
10 Reasons British Comedy Is Better Than American Comedy
1) Based on who has already been inducted, Pierce is a shoo-in: Basketball Reference's Hall of Fame Probability statistic suggests that there is better than a 94% chance that Pierce will be inducted; among active players he trails only Shaq, Duncan, Kobe, KG, LeBron (100% each), Nowitzki, Nash and Kidd.
50 Word Biography on Yourself : I'm a firm believer in the philosophy that a bad day at the ballpark is better than a great day at work and I fall into a deep funk sometime around November that doesn't let up until Febuary.
Advantex protects against flash rust better than all other amine additives.
1 in 600 sounds like a bad starting point...but if we count up what the people here do...just them...the odds are much better than that ...and these poeple make that happen...dont let the odds get you down...keep on to the next one
1941 Correspondent: John M. Callahan 3 Preacher Road- Milton, MA 02186; 617-698-2082 1942 Correspondent: John C. Fitzgerald 22 Joyce Road Hyde Park, MA 02136-3807; 617-364-2309 A wise old man proclaimed that being old isn't bad and infinitely better than the alternative.
3. A tomahawk, like the M48 Hawk, would be much better than any axe.
17: 34 Come not near the wealth of the orphan, save with that which is better till he come to strength; and keep the covenant.
... 8217; card (the London transit payment method - which is waaay better than Toronto) to hop on a double-decker bus to find the mobile phone shop.
About B.C. he says, "I admire the simplicity...it's better than many" and he also dropped this shocker: "Cathy is...cleverly written and it has a level of honesty to it that you don't often see on the comics pages."
"Ab stain from heresy"; "These heretics mix up Jesus Christ with their own poison" (Trull., vi) ; "Flee those evil outshoots, which produce death-bearing fruit" (Trail., xi); "Avoid all divisions as the be ginning of evils"; "Nothing is better than unity" (To Polyc..,\\; Phil., in).
A bullet is better than an arrow.
1st song, geek in pink, i dun even noe wtf is he singing la..2nd, tt "i'll be there for you" spoilt it too..3rd "calling" by gurmit singh, gurmit's not a professional singer, dun think he have professional training b4, but he bloody hell sang tt song better than joakim at least 10 times more..lastly, the song 'xiao wei' by wang pin yuan, i dunnoe wat to say la..juz wanna turn the volume to zero.
[ 19 ] The MENA oil importers fared better than this: All of them enjoyed 3% or more growth rates in 2009.
A cold-start boiler with heat-purge controls and an indirect can get you efficiency better than 60% during the summer, whereas with most tankless coils even with 140-150F standby temps you're looking at 35-45% efficiency.
(3.) Love or charity is so much better than all burnt-offerings and sacrifice, that God will have reconciliation made with an offended brother before the gift be offered he is content to stay for the gift, rather than have it offered while we are under guilt and engaged in a quarrel.
According to FanGraphs and Baseball Reference, the theoretical team would finish 48-114, very poor but at least better than the 2003 Detroit Tigers.
After going through the process of filming  8TH Fire he reflects "my Aboriginal side and my non-aboriginal side are getting along better than ever."
5 Stars, Long & Short Book Reviews Twilight Over Moldavia is even better than the first book in the series.
1) Girls you meet at a strip club probably aren't too much better than strippers 2) Guys who think this behavior is appropriate are usually the ones who can't find a decent wife when they're old and full of STDs
3 Therefore now, O LORD, please take my life from me, for it is better for me to die than to live." 4 And the LORD said, "Do you do well to be angry?" 5 Jonah went out of the city and sat to the east of the city and made a booth for himself there.
A 12-gauge shotgun is better than any pistol, but 5 or 6 quick hits from a .22 will take the fight out of most people.
After its low-energy parameters have been determined with better than permille precision, the effective theory makes accurate predictions for the constraint effective potential which are in excellent agreement with the Monte Carlo data.
5 In two pamphlets of 1648 and 1649 (around the time of Charles I's trial and execution) the Digger Gerrard Winstanley "generalized from Nimrod that 'the whole Scripture declares kings to be no better than tyrants and usurpers...in that they were kings they were tyrants'"...."[The Seeker] William Erbury in 1654, using Winstanley's pejorative phrase, spoke of 'Nimrod, that kingly power....Kings with their nobles, lords, and dukes all proceeded from a cursed pedigree.'
1999 caught a lot of attention for its mid-90s New York revivalism - 17 year old Joey Bada$$ and his Pro Era crew doing 1994 Nas better than 2012 Nas does 1994 Nas.
Abraham Lincoln defined what an American is better than I'm going to be able to do it or Congressman Tancredo or anyone on the stage.
Adam is praising the noon beer buzz but says it doesn't work with work, nothing feels better than a day time buzz, and Adam just shot a bridge of spit to the mic, Alison comments on it.
1 for Book Club:   - Lila , Marilynne Robinson (4) I liked this better than Gilead, though that may be partly because I had some history with the story.
@ #89: #84 is not an anti-semite but he/she is a little bit of a classist, he/she expresses very clearly the views of many of the transplants who think they deserve and/or know NYC way better than the natives because they go the the MOMA(extra points for going to PS1), go to brunch at Clinton Baking Co, or watch movies at the BAM.
2013 marked the release of the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, and while games like Ryse: Son of Rome and Killzone: Shadow Fall feature amazing sights, nothing shows off the graphical power of gaming better than The Last of Us on PlayStation 3. From beautiful, snow-blanketed forests to gorgeous-yet-gritty urban streets and stunning sun-soaked mountain vistas, The Last of Us gives the sense of vast environments while actually being a fairly contained experience.
(2.) Whatever corruptions there were in the kingdom of Judah, the state of religion among them was better than in the kingdom of Israel, with which they were now contending.
5. Kevin Quigley, M, Ridge (N.J.), Commitment: DUKE A first line middie who put up 29 goals and seven assists for New Jersey's top squad, the lefty separates and finishes better than most players his age.
+11 goal difference better than second placed Man Utd 52 goals scored in 26 games, 2 goals a game, which is the same as Man Utd, +20 better than Liverpool, +17 better than Tottenham and +13 better than the supreme entertainers of the Premier League, Arsenal.
4.  Labs love water- What breed is better to take to the beach or lake! 5.  Lab's are incredibly versatile- These dogs excel at pursuits such as conformation, obedience, field trials, assistance to the handicapped and therapy work.
ABC anchor Diane Sawyer allocated a piddling 18 seconds to the news as she characterized the 171,000 jobs growth as "beating predictions," NBC's Brian Williams stressed how the 171,000 additional jobs number "was better than the experts had expected" and the CBS Evening News focused on one "flourishing" company which has grown this year from 80 to 450 workers.
4 of 4 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars Even better than the first..., December 29, 2011 By Michael F McNamara (Chicago, IL United States) - See all my reviews Amazon Verified Purchase(What's this?)
3. The nature of the challenge-response (while better than first implemented) still places all of the material used during the generation of session keys onto the wire.
Adding these two numbers together gives us 17%...or slightly better than a 1 in 6 chance we see ( at least recent ) history in six weeks at beautiful Belmont Park.
1 Woe to them that are at ease in Zion and that are secure in the mountain of Samaria, the renowned of the first of the nations, to whom the house of Israel come. 2 Pass unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go to Hamath the great; and go down to Gath of the Philistines: are they better than these kingdoms?
43 'And if thy hand may cause thee to stumble, cut it off; it is better for thee maimed to enter into the life, than having the two hands, to go away to the gehenna, to the fire -- the unquenchable --  44 where their worm is not dying, and the fire is not being quenched.
+1, as hard as it can be sometimes when you know "if I only knew the full picture I know I could help", if you have to pull teeth to get the full picture sometimes your time is better spent elsewhere -  Daniel DiPaolo Mar 11 '11 at 19:21
After a struggling start to the season that precipitated the firing of Byron Scott after nine games, the Hornets have managed to claw back into the Western Conference playoff picture, albeit near that final No. 8 seed, while pushing their overall record to two games better than .500
98745 - correct technique and footwork is excellent (look at womens internationals, they're not beefed up yet smash better than most men (non internationals))
8 - I'm actually really excited for Zelda and RE Mercs now that I've seen how on-point the 3D is for a while (and now that I've trained myself to keep the handheld still/relative to my eyes' position) 9 - I feel like the circle/slide-pad love was hugely overblown--better than the PSP nub (not hard), but worse than virtually every other I've tried.
20% (a fifth) may not sound much - but it is wildly better than today (and it had a lot of Bank of England paper on top of the cash-gold).
According to new data from economists Moritz Schularick and Alan Taylor, the U.S. has done better than should have been expected, considering the nature of the Great Recession.
10) I do not see a future for the economy much better than We presently endure, and cannot witness a brighter future until We tell all sorts of Management Goodbye.
3 rounds for a punch on with someone better than me (not very hard) in the ring, or 3 rounds of TKD sparring with my master instructor....a former very successful AUS representative.
About as simple and bland as you get without being a light beer and really no better than your standard American adjunct lager, though I imagine Euro Pale Lager sounds a lot better.
According to individual character, each member of this fortuitous society contemplates the skies, and departs, skipping to avoid the mud,-because he is in a hurry, or because he sees other citizens walking along in spite of wind and slush, or because, the archway being damp and mortally catarrhal, the bed's edge, as the proverb says, is better than the sheets.
3 stars "Color: dark; Nose: fragrant; Aromas: buttery, herbal; Acidity: green; Sweetness: medium dry; Body: medium-bodied; Finish: short; Overall: easy; Very good value Texas Cab...better than many $15 to $20 CA cabs" Best 2008-
$4 a gallon is better spent here than in rush hour traffic
2. By Romeny's rationale, it is better to send children the message that the best way to handle mistakes is to hide and ignore them.
2011-12 Played in all 32 games ... made first career start against West Alabama on Nov. 27 and started 16 straight games ... had eight double-digit scoring games this season ... hit buzzer-beating 3-pointer to beat Rider on Dec. 14 ... had an assist-to-turnover ratio of better than 2.5-to-1 with 71 assists and 27 turnovers ... had 19 points and eight boards against Columbia on Feb. 17 for first career back-to-back double-digit scoring games.
7:- Most solicitors refuse to let their clients speak and then agree to all care orders demanded by social services.They tell the hapless parents "it is better not to oppose the interim care order ,but to wait for the final hearing",ignoring the position set out below (in red) where L.J.Thorpe makes it very clear that the parents are so prejudiced by the proceedings thereafter that it is "very difficult to get a child back" after a removal hearing.
After all, there does seem to be considerable relativity to value and it seems to be mere prejudice to say that my current evaluation should be automatically taken as being better than the evaluations of the past.
1967's Girls Are Better Than Ever is a thirteen minute color pictures from Chicago's Douglas Film Industries that's presented in part by the American Dairy Association and the Lifetime Sports Foundation!
3/19/11 Spring Cherry Blossom ARISE 5/14/11 Blademore 5/29/11 Beydays come on 6/12/11 Fill my eyes double beyblade tournament 8/12/11 Summer Spin Showdown 9/18/11 Better Than School 10/16/11 The Dual Duel 11/19/11 Novembrr-Brawl 2/25/12 Leap Year Lashing 3/25/12 Cherry Blossom Combat 3rd Place 4/29/12 Spring Sortie 1st Place 5/26/12 Five Fist BeyDay 1st Place 7/22/12 The Triple Threat 8/12/12 The Lazy Hazy Swayz Beys of Summer 9/23/12 Autumn Assault 3rd Place 10/21/12 October Achtung 4th Place 11/17/12 Thrills, Spills, and Chills!
16 Anyone wanting an accessible introduction to that epochal argument, to the genesis of modern theories of property and sovereignty, or to Grotius's political theory could do no better than begin with his compact classic, Mare Liberum.
Admitedly, that one click will probably also install the black death on my machine, but anything is better than GFWL.
$136 $ 29 SAVINGS OF $107 Expires January 31, 2013 ASPEN DENTAL GROUP After Years Of Simulated Use, We Maintained Support 4 Times Better Than Other Leading Brands Wholesale Sleep Distributors FURNITURE SHOWPLACE CATALOG SHOWROOM FOR COMPLETE HOME FURNISHINGS Mon.-Fri.
A Dance with Dragons reveals that he fits this trope even better than previously thought; many characters (while acknowledging him as an exceptional Hyper Competent Sidekick ) believed he would be completely lost without someone strong to follow, but in the aftermath of Cersei 's Epic Fail at ruling, he takes the reins in his own right (though not in name) and does an excellent job.
7. Boiler Room (2000) There's a scene early in Boiler Room that makes it clear, if it wasn't already, that the film is going to be better than the standard tale of a stock trader's rise and fall.
3D Rendering Performance 3DSMAX R5 - vol_light2.max (Render Time in Seconds - Lower is Better)
Admin....would you kindly upload the video of himpunan suara rakyat suara keramat in Penang stadium batu kawan "LIVE" (duration 2 hours ++) in you tube....cause i not finish watch it yet...suddently the video "BLACK OUT" and change to another brief video (duration 5 minutes) which is nothing (the speech is not detail and not clear)....the previous video (duration 2 hours) is better cause the video is recorded at the stage nearest to the speecher.
After all, "A hot dog at the ballpark is better than steak at the Ritz" - Humphrey Bogart.
A few months ago, I found a recipe for a hearty chicken and chickpea stew which is much better than it sounds, and is actually quite delicious.
11/12/00)-Norm I think we know better than most how to work out the exchange since we face this everywhere unfortunatley, but the info we canucks are looking for are the actual U.S.prices of the items-like soft drinks,beer,hard liquor,cappucinos and snorkel equip.Anyone who can give us specific prices would be very helpful since we don' t always think straight when in the throws of ordering under that beautiful sunshine by the pool and a nasty bill at the end of the cruise is no way to end a vacation.Thanks.
After a hug and a kiss, I resumed mowing with a new attitude and that day, I cut grass better than grass has ever been cut in the history of cutting grass!
[0025] In addition, in case that the alkali mental is mixed during a manufacturing process, it was verified that the performance of the glass surface was improved to be better than the initial stage by the use of the washing storage solution of this invention.
1- Do you really need a sewing machine that can write the alphabet 2- Do you really need a LCD screen to show which function you're using (on that one I'd say yes you got more function than my blackberry 3- can you find for the same price a sewing machine that as only the normal function but is better quality, more heavy-duty, ...
9. The Thing (1982) Much better than "Alien" because the monster can take the appearance of anyone and anything.
1 D.WILLIAMS,NT.... TENN (serious need) 2 GRESHAM,TE.... ALABAMA (big target for Henne) 2 BEST, RB.... CALIF (lighting fast) 3 MARSHALL,WR (maybe, include P.White in this trade) 4 M.JOHNSON,OG .... ALABAMA (to block for Best) 6 BARNES,WR.....BOWLING GREEN (looked great in bowl) 6 UDOFIA,NT .... STANFORD (backup to D.Williams) 6 SCHOEFIELD,OLB.... WISC (we need help at OLB) 7 KAFKA,QB.... NW (very quick feet .. better than White) 7 BROWN,RB .. OKLAHOMA (fast)
After I picked myself up from my puddle of tears, I decided that 54 minutes of Lost and 1 hr and 54 minutes of American Idol was better than nothing.
.25/1 Ajax dish liquid, 30 oz+ or auto dish pacs (exp 3/29) $1.50 off Benefiber product (exp 5/11) $1 off Better Than! dog treats (exp 6/9) $3 off BIC disposable razor (exp 4/5) .55/2
3. Colorado - Senator Michael Bennet is not an incumbent in the traditional sense (he was appointed to the post), and both appointed Senators Bob Menendez and Roger Wicker were among the incumbents who performed significantly better than the average of polls between January and June indicated.
11 - BETTER THAN SWISS (sharp since moving into Anthony Dutrow's 32%-winning stable), Runfromthestorm, Ten Carrot Nikki/Fox's Ally Cat entry, Cat On a Quest
@75 Except for, like, Arkham City and a couple of other mentions... Plus, I guess it evens out that for haters, there's zealots (ahem) that claim it's godsend and "ten times better than anything else this year."
Adding to my point, some people say hunting is bad and killing domestic animals is better, well I am not against killing domestic animals, but I think hunting is good, why? because killing domestic animals is just hunting but your not giving the animal a fair chance and your not giving it the chance to live free for a bit.
1. Friday was the other dj's first con, cut him a lil slack, he did better than i did on my first dance.
(Actually relations between Baltic Germans and Estonians were better than between Baltic Germans and Latvians according to Baltic-German historians.)
56:5 I will set up within my temple and my walls a monument that will be better than sons and daughters.
A few chapters into the first Harry Potter book and I was already convinced that nothing was better than the joy of books.
122:02:23 Duke: I'll tell you this one-sixth gravity feels a lot better (than training in one g in Florida).
5) In responding to Astrid, who said "Is .1 acre SFH really better than townhouse with good sound insulation and decently planned parking space?"
10 Things I Hate About You is a bit mild on the sex front, but there's a picture of a penis so hey! Listen, girls and boys are different (everyone knows that), but 10 Things I Hate About You understands that fact better than most teen comedies.
1) I thought in this game, despite the stupid breakaway contest, the Rangers were better than they were in the 6-1 win at the Garden Wednesday because I thought the Penguins were a lot better, and because Marc-Andre Fleury was fabulous.
According to fervent Obama supporters interviewed outside Obama's coronation by Dan Joseph , Dear Leader is the greatest president EVER... clearly 'better than George Washington' for 'bringing American out of debt' and the way he 'brought the country together' (!)...
A few people on other sites were complaining that made the game unrealitstic, but I don't really see how that theory stands up, as despite the stat boosts, GKs are hardly superhuman (I've scored 3 or 4 goals in a few of my matches already) and Petr Cech is still better than Maik Taylor (what more do you want?).
After all, whats better than a ride underneath the starry Autumn skies with the Halloween moon shining down as you timidly enter the Forest of Fear with creepy monsters, ghouls, zombies and ghosts lurking behind each tree and prop along the way.
(1) "The Very Thought of You"--a beautifully smoky, slinky duet with her late father, Nat "King" Cole (2) "When I Fall in Love"--a snowflake valentine (3) "Pink Cadillac"--a sultry cover of Bruce Springsteen's ode to a love machine (4) "Better Than Anything"--a dynamic duet with fellow jazz chanteuse Diana Krall (5) "Walkin' My Baby Back Home"--a charming duet with her dad, from her new CD "Still Unforgettable"
[ 9 ] This story shows a plausible alternate reality that is much better than our own, whereas the typical parallel universe story depicts a world that is much worse than our own.
2) ... The Crimson rank sixth nationally in free throw shooting ... Harvard's 66-53 win over George Washington (12/30) gave the Crimson its first victory against a team from the Atlantic-10 Conference since the 1980-81 (Massachusetts) ... Four of Harvard's four frontcourt players are shooting better than 60 percent from the floor.
absolutely remarkable VT..I need to take a good pic, she has green fins in the light with black dots on fins...Its amazing that the yellow in her fins are only there when shes stressed slightly, then they change back to bright blue and green...so remarkable, almost better than the tai SD i have THAT ARE MALE!!
1 - Its all about the glass (said over and over over the years) 2 - And recently, On paper the D800 and D600 are better than the Canon equivalent, so they will advise new purchasers to buy the Nikon - cheaper/better.
5. Do you think it is better to live in a small town or in a big city?
1. Iron Man is better than Batman 2. Iron Man is born 3. Iron Man is overrated
1. Is Andrea Bargnani actually any better than Charlie Villanueva?
[3366] Or, "in the hand of the operator;" but it is better to employ two words.
18. Reggie Bush (DET):  I expect the Lions to play better than they did last season, and their offense to once again be a very productive one for fantasy football purposes.
According to the recently released 2015 Gallup law and order index, Bangladesh fares better than India and Pakistan when it comes to the "personal security."
(9:46 AM ET) SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Tech stocks came to life early Wednesday, led by big gains from Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.05% Apple shares rose more than 9% to $612 after the company reported a 93% rise its quarterly profit, led by better-than-expected sales of the iPhone.
1.get on your boots 2.new years day 3.pride 4.achtung baby 5.even better than the real thing 6.lemon 7.vertigo 8.elevation 9.sweetest thing 10.where the streets have no name
39957 NEW RIVER BUILDABLE LAND CANT BETTER THAN THIS! ALL EXCLUSIVE ACCESS TO NEW RIVER W/EXPANSIVE ONE MILE OF COMMON AREA DONE IN COMPLETE LUXURY FROM A TO Z WITH AFFORDABLE PRICING.
11. Dobie Moore (12) For a long time I've had him just behind Jennings, but now I've decided he was clearly better than Jennings - perhaps not as high a peak, but his excellence endured longer.
3.[WWE WORLD TITLE]RANDY ORTON VS JOHN CENA-now I have to say that this match is much better than people say it is.
1) better than many will have you believe 2) better than the price point would suggest, given it's FF and very good in low light
2. Wolf is the best thing that could happen to the gas industry-far better than Corbett-because while the duped are celebrating Wolf's imposing a tax, the industry will go about their dirty business as usual-but with the added bonus that they now have the cover of legitimacy behind a painless tax that will guarantee their presence in the state forever-or until they leave us a spent industrialized wasteland.
A DNF in Malaysia and mediocre results in Bahrain and Monaco have hurt the Spaniard, but most detrimental to the hunt for championship points has been Ferrari's lackluster qualifying (never better than third this season).
After a nationwide craft beer shakeown in the mid-1990s - thousands of brews, many of them middling, flooded the market, causing a backlash among beerlovers - craft beer is back, bigger and better than ever.
Aaron Margolin professor of microbiology at the University of New Ham... Noroviruses also known as Norwalk and Norwalk-like viruses are ...One possible explanation for the uptick in incidences is better de...Better detection and identification notwithstanding Margolin says...The viruses' impact is further heightened by an aging population.
(3) The connection is better taken with the entire clause, not themselves simply, or their afflictions, but themselves so conditioned - "your patience and faith in all your persecu- tions, and the sufferings which you are enduring."
According to a European computer engineer who worked on the project, the new network is "better and specifically more open," but the government would "keep tabs on things" through its control of the public data network and the international gateway that links the Syrian network to the rest of the world.
10.29.2010 - Long time John Mellencamp tour manager Harry Sandler is submitting photos documenting the No Better Than This Tour.
(1) Education is Fun!  (1) Hallmark Holidays  (3) Mommy is Brainwashing You  (1) My Kids Are Better Than Yours  (2) The Wide Eyed World of Sports  (1) Uncategorized  (26) Unfit Parenting  (12) Vacation  (1) What Did That Kid Just Say?  (3) Zombies  (1)
Actually, I think the Quidditch ban was her way of trying to show him she was better than him."
(32) If a person's reason for not fasting is obvious, such as illness, there is nothing wrong with him eating or drinking openly, but if the reason is hidden, such as menstruation, it is better to eat and drink in secret, so as not to attract accusations and the like.
A Daily News profile on Joey in March prompted readers to contribute better than $10,000 to a fund the paper established to help him along in his figure-skating career.
3. Fulham defenders or Dempsey - Fulham are always solid at home and have conceded just 12 goals at Craven Cottage this season, better than anyone else.
"A crowdsourced model works better than any grouping of staff that you bring in-house," says Gerard Pannekoek, chief executive officer of startup Intellectual Property Exchange International, which used Article One to check the strength of several patents it plans to license to other companies.
3. Creating Stories about Complex Technical Issues.U.S. v. Mitnick: A Case That Defined the Internet Threat.Hiding and Seeking Digital Evidence.The Simulated Testimony of Andrew Gross.Visualizing Gross's Technical Testimony.Demonstrative and Substantive Graphic Evidence.Seeking Professional Graphics Assistance.Choosing the Focus for Visual Aids.Considering Which Elements to Emphasize.Going Back to the Basics in a Network-Based Plotline.Using Familiar Analogies to Describe What Computer Experts Do.Remembering the Real Goal of Expert Testimony.Selecting the Visual Components of the Story Line.Showing and Telling Is Better Than Just Telling.
01.01.2011 - Houston, TX With a solid track record, and more than 16 years serving Houston area small businesses, we want to show you what makes Aprima IT remarkably different and demonstrably better than the way you currently manage information Technology!
Adrian Peterson could tear up his knee and be better than ever the next season, where half a century before  Gale Sayers was never the same.
1996 Fume Blanc, Napa Valley Robert Mondavi Winery Food Affinity-Nothing better than the winery's recommendation of matching it with cracked crab and sourdough French bread.
27 A thief is better than a man that is always lying: but both of them shall inherit destruction.
[ 136 ] In March 2015, Rapp further stated that the case against Syrian President Bashar Assad is "much better" than those against Slobodan Milošević of Serbia or Charles Taylor of Liberia , both of whom were indicted by international tribunals.
According to United Arab Emirates Ambassador to the U.S. Yousef al-Otaiba, efforts to prevent Iran from going nuclear by use of military force are better than that country actually going nuclear.
1) any exploration of ice sheets is better than nothing, regardless of the integrity of who's carrying it out 2) people such as you, who like to sound off about everything, instead of sticking to things they know about, are arm chair academics, capable of spinning a good argument.
A companion study for MACPAC on adults enrolled Medicaid found that, when health, demographic, and socioeconomic differences were controlled for, Medicaid adults did as well as or better than privately insured adults on key measures, including USOC and receipt in the past year of a routine check-up, a general doctor visit, a specialist visit, a mammogram, and flu vaccination.
A bailout, while better than dunking one in the water, won't necessarily work out
9.Detective Conan - Who is better "L of death note" or Conan A.k.A "shinichi kudo"?
3) C and D should win since they had the highest margin ahead of the films they scored better than.
4:20 P.M. , MOO-ville in Nashville -- There is nothing better than the moody sky casting grey-white light on this dairy out in the country.
11-2 : 32      And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
1. Bears travel agent made right call: The Bears didn't necessarily play great during Sunday's win, but they looked a heck of a lot better than Tampa until the very end.
Admittedly Ryan's plan is better than the Senate plan, but that is akin to saying that I had to have my leg amputated below the knee rather than above the knee.
1 Anquan Boldin - Great pick if he makes it to the fourth round 2 Beanie Wells - Better than where he's slotted to go imo 3 Jerome Harrison - Could get the majority of carries in Cleveland 4 Arian Foster - I'll look for him in the last rounds and if we can spare the pick we'll take him and hope he takes over the starting role later in the season
1) Low prices: Advance Auto Parts' business model is to "serve their customers better than anyone else."
4) Eagles Of Death Metal - doesn't get better than this sleazy rock 'n roll and expect some late night surprises from this lot too.. Pyramid Stage, Saturday
7. Under the Bridge by Red Hot Chili Peppers Better than "Give it Away" and I ain't the only one who thinks so judging from previous lists.
2. His petition thereupon: "Quicken me, to do my duty with vigour; revive me, keep me alive, not according to any merit of mine, though I love thy word, but according to thy lovingkindness;' to that we owe our lives, nay, that is better than live itself.
A bigger concern than a currency war is policymakers' indulgence in thinking they know better than markets what value their currency should have.
According to Digitimes , the spike in revenue is mostly due to increasing sales of Transformer Book T100 convertibles, as well as better-than-expected sales of notebooks in Latin America and China.
3D Rendering Performance 3DSMAX R5 - CBALLS2.max (Render Time in Seconds - Lower is Better)
1) Switch over to either Prozac ( fluoxetine ) or Zoloft ( sertraline ) from cymbalta , any one of these ANTI DEPRESSANT is any time better than cymbalta for your OCH.
Abilities : Anticipation, Dry Skin, Poison Touch Anticipation: (Innate)This Pokemon is better at sensing dangerous attacks, and reduced the Base Attack Power from super-effective attacks, Selfdestruct, and Explosion by two (2).
A "by-the-numbers" movie has slightly better than by-the-numbers possibilities when it's written by a writer like McCarthy and directed by a director like Craig Gillespie (who gave the world "Lars and the Real Girl," "Mr.
1. Gastrointestinal test: everything is good 2. Stress test /EKG: everything is good 3. General blood work: vitamin levels are good 4. Sleep study: sleep better than most people 5. Psychological evaluation: I'm not depressed 6. Cortisol test: normal 7. Thyroid: normal 8. Cortisol test: normal 9. Hormones: free testosterone is higher than normal, and other levels are balanced 10.
1) Blackout drapes work far better than eye shades, bandanas and a pillow over your head.
2x AMD Opteron Model 2218 DC CPU (2.6GHz/1MB), 4x 2GB ECC DDR2-667 memory, Serial ATA drive equal or better than standard configuration, DVD, 1x PSU, Service Processor, 4x 10/100/1000 Ethernet ports, 6x USB 2.0 ports, 1x I/O riser card with 2x PCI-Express x8 slots, no power cord, order Geo-specific x-option.
2. TRINITY CATHOLIC (15-1): Which trio is better, the Cadets' or Trinity's Schadrac Casimir, Brandon Wheeler and Tremain Fraiser?
10000 times better than  the generated curve lines
adam lambert - better than i know myself [he's baaaack and he's got the songwriting talents of dr luke (katy perry) and claude kerry (jessie j) helping out with his return.
2013 has been a strange season in the sierra nevada with a couple of promising 2 ft dumps in december, but then only a few little pinner 7" snows throughout jan and feb...better than nothing, but far from what I'm used to.
A collection of independently-deciding individuals is likely to make certain types of decisions and predictions better than individuals or even experts.
062 - Better Than Ezra - Good (1995) 1094. 063 - Spin Doctors - Two Princes (1993) 1095.
a father's name could ultimately mean success in society, wheras a bastard child is no better than an orphan since a mother's claim is not valid in our country.
5. She's better than Beyoncé The hits don't lie.
A Conspiracy so Immense : William F. Buckley says: "McCarthy's record is... not only much better than his critics allege, but, given his metier, extremely good.... [he] should not be remembered as the man who didn't produce 57 Communist Party cards but as the man who brought public pressure to bear on the State Department to revise its practices and to eliminate from responsible positions flagrant security risks."
After 4 or 5 hours of running this MS 261, I even feel better than I did running one of my smaller, less powerful saws (also not Stihl).Also, since I've been cutting both dry and green wood, it's nice being able to easily turn the chain oiler up for the dry wood and down for the green wood.My only problem with this saw is that I wish I had bought one much earlier.
Abita: Turbo Dog Allagash: Dubbel (quite nice) North Coast: Pranqster Young's Double Chocolate Smithwick's Bitter Rogue: Shakespeare Stout (I think...) Ommegang: Rare Vos (better than I remembered) Lake Placid: Frostbite (really nice, high hop level) Smuttynose: Old Brown Dog (best domestic beer of the evening--their beers are SO balanced) Stone: Arrogant Bastard Long Trail: Double Bag (Bad name--good beer--kind of a strong Altbier) Landmark: Some dull red beer.
10. Cancer of Gallbladder : -rare -more common in women -infiltrates liver, cycstic ducts, and gallbladder -pre-existing, chronic cholecystits or cholelithiasis are at increased risk -difficult dx b/c symptoms are insidious, vague -anorexia, wt loss, N/V, malaise, jaundice, hepatosplenomegaly -chronic progressive severe epigastric or RUQ pain -usually discovered during other procedures -poor prognosis -surgery is extensive when preformed -radiation and chemo is used w/mixed results -early detection is better prognosis, usually found late
African American -- Born February 15 th Father: Wallace -- Mother: Katherine -- he is 14 years old -- a better than average student (upper 1/3 of class) -- doesn't think about girls -- into wrestling, diving, baseball and archery -- somewhat popular with classmates -- doesn't want to ride on his brother's coattails so he tries to be the class clown -- Bill's younger brother by almost 16 months.
2004 was the best of them all (better than 1992).
2013 Ford C-Max Energi: C-Max Energi plug-in hybrid is designed to help Ford accelerate fuel economy leadership by offering an expected miles per gallon equivalent rating in charge-depleting mode better than Toyota Prius plug-in hybrid.
[38]   In testimony before the Rules Committee, Professor Edward Foley, an elections law expert at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law, stated that "I don't think anyone should take the position that the status quo is better than [HJR 13].
Additionally, it aced the new roof-strength test, with a top 'good' rating there, too, and a roof corner able to withstand 4.87 times this sedan's weight-a result that's better than that of a host of luxury sedans including the Lexus GS, Audi A6, and BMW 5-Series.
(3) One gets the impression that those who remained in Bethlehem fared reasonably well during the famine; certainly better than Naomi and her family did.
5. Michael Clarke 11 matches, 18 inns, 1595 runs @ 106.33, 5x100, 3x50 Four double-centuries in a solitary year, each better than the last and one of them all the way to 329 not out, Clarke amassed a whopping tally at home, which saw him set a national record en route to the highest amount of Test runs by an Australian in a calendar year.
Actually food and menu better than recent cruises on Royal Caribbean.
A flier because they were 5-11 last year and play in the same division as the Indianapolis Colts, Tennessee Titans and the better-than-you-think Houston Texans.
[0109] If multiple phenotypes of an object are combined by data fusion to provide the most complete description possible of the observed object, due to its object orientation the "fuzzy logic" presented here is better suited than traditional binary logic, which recognizes only two truth values.
14 Bigger is Better The bigger the hydrocarbons get - The more energy per molecule you get from burning.
1. "Horny" 2. "White Seat, Red Cock" 3. "He´s Better than you, Better than me." 4. "Stained Poop" 5. "Immigrant" 6. "Cowboys In Volcano" 7. "Ravage" 8. "Beyond The Vagina Of Deth" 9. "Villian's Bell-End"
2000 AD should always be dangerous and unconventional - it's what makes it better than any other comic - but never mind what happens to the guest stars and the baddies, the heroes in adventure series simply never meet the sort of fate that awaits Winwood and Cord in "Killing Time."
25: For a moving and sympathetic account of the Morecambe tragedy and illegal working in Britain you can do no better than read Hsiao-Hung Pai and David Leigh's account in the Guardian, 13 January 2004.
(1998-1999!) and believe me, the pictures are better than anime, More beautiful.
4. Reason: The reason the woman made the above prayers was because Ruth, her daughter-in-law who loves her and is better to her than seven sons 64 , has given birth to a son 4:15b
5. The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance I have always been a sucker for a Western and they dont come any better than this one.
[ 11 ] While Maria Feodorovna knew better than to publicly criticise both the Grand Duke and Duchess in public, [ 11 ] Marie Pavlovna had earned the caustic epithet of "Empress Vladimir" from the tsarina.
3. Critics Groups Are Not Crystal Balls Oscar voters are people who vote their minds and hearts, and who are largely sure they know movies better than critics do, notwithstanding annual embarrassments like the Narnia Makeup citation.
Accuracy of lung ultrasound diagnosis will be compared to that using radiographic chest radiography findings to evaluate if lung ultrasound is equivalent, or better than chest radiography in order to diagnose TTN versus RDS in this patient population.
Able to work the ball both ways distance is better than my 3 wood will use it on most of the par 4,s which will give me short irons into the hole.
[2] For example, Benjamin Franklin said "That it is better 100 guilty Persons should escape than that one innocent Person should suffer, is a Maxim that has been long and generally approved."
A dark sky matters even more than telescope size; a small instrument in the country will show faint nebulae and galaxies better than a large telescope in a city.
According to the New York City Department of Education's most recent annual progress report, Accion Academy did better than 81 percent of all middle schools in New York City in an evaluation that relies 60 percent on student progress, a measure of improvement; 25 percent on student performance; and 15 percent on a school environment rating that delves into academic expectations, communication, engagement, and safety and respect.
1% is better than no percent at all.These are programs that benefit everyone, at one point in life.
3. Mighty Switch Force! 4. Ketzal's Corridors Crashmo is better, why didn't you choose that? 5. Nano Assault EX Longer, more content, better graphics 6. Zen Pinball 3D Voting for the underdog, I know NS will win 7. Dillon's Rolling Western Better-looking, more original, longer game 8.
2 out of 4 people found the following review useful: Captain America is back and better than ever!!! , 6 April 2014
7. The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee This musical is thoroughly entertaining even though its score, by William Finn, is no better than serviceable.
A few years back, in one of those rare occurrences when the movies are a thousand times better than the books, we were treated to the entertaining Jason Bourne trilogy, featuring a programmed assassin ostensibly aimed at the perceived enemies of America.
68-75F, the thing is a monster-I like it better than the LS6.
(4) Yannis, very correctly in my opinion, stressed the fact that it is better to have a "foreign bank" rather than a "zombie bank".
1. Man GOAT WILL beat woman GOAT in modern tennis 2. The argument of who is better in women's game quickly turns into who has a better outfit, who is too loud, or who has better legs, even worse who has a richer boyfriend.
After deciding upon a vegetable lasagna and a four-layer red velvet cake with coconut cream cheese icing - nothing says, 'Welcome back South' better than red velvet cake - I sat down at the kitchen table to make out the grocery list.
15. 3. ELECTION CAMPAIGN IT IS NECESSARY TO HAVE A FREE & FAIR & OPEN DISCUSSION ABOUT WHO IS BETTER REPRESENTATIVE , WHICH PARTY WILL MAKE A BETTER .
After dinner, stroll to my mum's place to join my siblings..the atmostphere naturally is better there..someone prepared a session for ginrummy..great..i miss that..but after an hour or so, my eyes were blur blur already.. i guess age is catching up and mind deactivates quicker than before...
1. Product Quality - Many people who don't believe in buying designer brands say that you are only paying for the brand name and that the product is no better than any other.
7. For all our fathers, in hope of the Resurrection and the quickening of the dead, were looking forward and hastening; as the blessed Apostle said, If the righteous had been looking forward to that city from which Abraham went forth, they would have had an opportunity of again turning back and to it; but they showed that they were looking forward to one better than it, namely thai which is in heaven.(2)
[ 12 ] Nintendo Power largely agreed, stating that the game had "[e]xcellent game depth and good graphics for a Game Boy RPG", but found the title's story and gameplay to be too similar to previous Final Fantasy Legend games, warning "don't expect anything new in this game", giving the game a score of 3.35 / 5. [ 13 ] IGN called attention to the game's dated graphics and "imperfect" soundtrack, yet still found the game's music to be better than most Game Boy titles.
3. Your life is better than it was, and getting better all the time, on all levels: physical, mental, spiritual, emotional, social, monetary, health, and so on.
[29] Billy Dukes of Taste of Country stated that "[Swift] captures the anger of young love gone wrong better than anyone since, well...[Taylor] Swift" and that the song's melody is "difficult to embrace quickly."
29 My father's entire family deserved no better than death from my lord the king, and yet you admitted your servant to the ranks of those who eat at your table.
According to the first reviews of the new Phenom CPU that have appeared online, the Phenom II X4 980 performs slightly better than its quad-core Phenom predecessors, but it can't hang with a new Intel Sandy Bridge processor like the Core i5-2500, even when overclocked.
'1 he depiirlments of "llo ce nn l So ciety" sdiI Culture and Progress,'1 will en gage llie contributions ot more than a score of pens on both shies of the Atlantic The Wnti hnian and RelleWnr says: 'trcribner Monthly for heptemlier is better than usual, which indicates n needless wastA of editori.;l
According to Stake (1995) "Rather than tape record or write furiously, it is better to listen, to take a few notes, to ask for clarification T hen following Stake's advice, "ins ist on ample time and space immediately following the interview to prepare the facsimile and interpretive commentary" (p.
Add a kiss of raspberry leaves, and you've got something that's much better than fish fingers and custard!
Actor and Iowa native Brandon Routh is better-known for his role as Superman, but Sunday night he made a cameo appearance on the campaign trail, speaking on behalf of Illinois Sen. Barack Obama at a rally in Indianola, Iowa.
20. "Superman punch!" 21) Presser is LIVE!!! 22) HOLY SHIAT! 23) SOMEONE MAKE A .gif OF THAT 24) The biggest fight of _____'s career 25) _____'s career is over after this fight 26)The prelim fights were all better than the main card 27)The presser was more exciting than the main card 28) That fight in the stands was more exiting than the main card 29) Dana drops the F-bomb.
According to the index, the situation in Ukraine is much better than in Russia, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Armenia, Moldova, Turkmenistan or any other country of the former USSR.
(35) It is better [to that] to follow one's own nature making mistakes than to be perfect in following an estranged course of action; to find destruction with following one's own duty is [thus] better than to run into danger with an estranged sense of duty.'
African marigolds (sometimes also recognized as American Marigolds) are beloved for their bright large, fully double flower heads, which tend to shed water better than other species of Marigold.
15. 610 LONIGAN, BURGESS, AND ANTHONY mentation) predicts reading better than another (e.g., onset-rime sensitivity) to indicate that one type of phonological sensitivity is more important to reading than another (Goswami & Bryant, 1990, 1992; Muter et al., 1997; Nation & Hulme, 1997), these analyses make the explicit or implicit assumption that there are different types of phonological sensitivity.
1. What it is: An itinerary of Christian formation (I can't put it better than Bl John Paul II did) 2. Purpose: to form Christians out of those who are not Christians or do not live their Christianity sufficiently: people who "went through the motions" of Christian Initiation but haven't lived it, those who just haven't lived it enough and need more, or non-baptized persons who wish to be initiated through this charism.
190: The number of centimetres - otherwise 1.90 metres - that Irving Baxter, of the United States, cleared to win the men's high jump at the 1900 Olympics, nine centimetres higher than the winning jump in the inaugural Games of 1896 and 10cm better than the highest leap four years later.
1) Puy du Fou - a sort of historical theme park where they re-enact tales from history including Roman gladiatorial games, Viking raids, Joan of Arc etc. Check out the website as it is even better than the videos.
Admittedly, I have not used Lipfinity for 8 years (since school) as I much prefer lip gloss - Dior Kiss and Ultra range are the best - but I do remember it being a lot better than this Estee Lauder alternative.
1981 - Pleasant Colony, never better than third, finishes a little more than 1½ lengths behind Summing, with Highland Blade second in an 11-horse field.
[ 4 ] Shortly after its relaunch, one food critic described Schwa as even better than before, saying it was an "Oscar-worthy redemption story."
3 Ultimately, we can do no better than repeat what the Supreme Court said in a related context over 55 years ago: in the ordinary course of events, a technically sufficient indictment handed down by a duly empaneled grand jury "is enough to call for trial of the charge on the merits."
Accordingly, the general consensus today is that only children fare no worse or better than children from multi-child families.
Admittedly the new one is an improvement over the woeful old system, but that is the equivalent of saying that robbery is better than armed robbery.
After about an inch of cabbage ribbons went in, Grandma would sprinkle the kosher salt over it all, in a proportion that her hands knew better than her head, and Mom or Uncle John would take up the "tamper"-a huge turned flat bottomed cudgel made of oak, once again by Grandpa-and beat the cabbage down, smashing it and releasing the juices, packing it tightly into the crock, forcing out the air.
1) The Day the Wrigley Family Sold the Chicago Cubs While this has not resulted in the Cubs visiting the World Series as active participants, any Cubs fan will have to admit, the past 29 seasons without the Wrigley's have been exponentially better than the Wrigley years.
020.131 YUSUFALI: Nor strain thine eyes in longing for the things We have given for enjoyment to parties of them, the splendour of the life of this world, through which We test them: but the provision of thy Lord is better and more enduring.
[0264] In this case, it is interesting that the path D-C-A (64%) is a better connection choice than the path D-B-A (54%), even though the quality of the connection D-B (90%) is better than the quality of the connection D-C (80%).
1. "Wherein is the blood of Jesus better than the blood of goats and bulls, If it cannot free us from the spirit of bondage and the evil conscience, if It cannot give as a full glad confidence before God?
4 5/0 2 6,848 Sq ft Home Swimming Pool Canal Width 81 - 120,Ocean Access QUEENS COVE UNIT 1 Boaters dream come true; 2 boat lifts.life on the river could not be any better than owning this home with 130 feet of frontage of the deep water.
1958) ("Were I called upon to decide whether the people had best be omitted in the Legislative or Judiciary department, I would say it is better to leave them out of the Legislative"); Jones v. United States, 526 U. S. 227, 244-248 (1999).
13.The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Come on, what could be better than 4 surfer-dude turtles fighting a metal enemy using martial arts?
29. Toronto Raptors - Current Record: 3-3, Prediction: 21-45 Not gonna be any better than last year, and the thing is, I dont think they even WANT to be good right now, as their staffs have said that they have all their hopes for next year that Valanciunas is coming, DeRozan developing, and I might add a high draft pick, but theyre not focused at all on this season.
5. Bleach- mindless entertainment 6.Tsubasa Chronicle- strangely addicting 7.Patlabor- timeless classic 8.Da Capo- better than Shuffle?
A closing seven under par 65 for a 23 under par 265 total, left him a stroke better than double Major winner and former Munich champion John Daly and Australia's Brett Rumford.
5 V. Gagic , I. Bartomeus , T. Jonsson , A. Taylor , C. Winqvist , C. Fischer , E. M. Slade , I. Steffan-Dewenter , M. Emmerson , S. G. Potts , T. Tscharntke , W. Weisser , R. Bommarco , Functional identity and diversity of animals predict ecosystem functioning better than species-based indices, Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences , 2015 , 282 , 1801, 20142620 CrossRef
about the 5DIII the high ISO improvement is minimal (maybe 1/2 a stop) compared to the 5DII, and the dynamic range improvement is not huge, either; but here in this Forum I find enthusiastic new 5D III owners who say that the ISO performance is 'at least 2 stops better', and the DR is better, too... What is the truth?
[268] This substitute was indeed supported by some of our friends who were affected by the argument that it was a good thing to make a start, that "half a loaf is better than no bread"; that it was necessary at any hazard to "get something on the statute books."
According to Tim Kawakami Alex Smith is better than Leinart.
#6 -- AJ Jenkins and Marvin Jones are both better than Kendall Wright I don't care what anyone says
About Us Welcome to SuperJacks Golf Shop, with over 20 years experience in the golf industry we provide a vast selection of golf clothing and accessories from Ping Collection, Adidas Golf, Nike Golf , TaylorMade, Ashworth and many more at prices which are significantly better than the major Golf Suppliers.
A best friend will sit with you while you're crying, know when the truth is better than a white lie and even attempt to fight that ex of yours who broke your heart.
1 disgusting 2 silly white boy 3 grandma from random trailer park ...might look like mardi gras But I'm betting my guess is better and they are on their way through the "park" and 4 bad advertising decision just not sure why no one found it creepy b4 it went on the van LMAO
3. Who still REALLY believes that Zone is better than Man to Man? That's not going to beat every team in the league consistently.
Abstract: In this paper, we will provide the way to make n+1 node disjoint parallel path between any two node of HCN(n,n) which is better network cost than hypercube, and will prove that the fault diameter of HCN(n,n) is dia(HCN(n,n))+4 by result.
1. Marth (Best character from best game) 2. Lucus (Although his eyes are scary) 3. Yoshi (A very basic simple fighter that never fails) 4. Ice Climbers (Because 2 is better than 1, especially if 1 falls) 5. Snake (He is the Akuma in Brawl, strong, cool, and complicated)
a better-than-expected 20 per cent rise in quarterly profit as offshore drilling increased in North America and demand from the Middle East and Asia rose.
1) Duck tales (still dream about swimming in Scrouge McDuck's building full of money) 2) Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers 3) Tiny Toons (somehow did it for me better than Looney toons) 4) Gummi Bears 5) He-Man Masters of the Universe
"Additionally," indicates Coach Chris Smith, "Kayla was not pushed in this race, finishing better than four minutes ahead of her nearest challenger.
21 February 2012 turned out to be Pancake Day or Shrove Tuesday as the first day of lent is better known.
1. Coach K isnt better than Dean Smith was. 2. Duke is always a good team, no doubt about it.
According to the Gospel of Philip (58,15-16; 70,5-9; 76,22-28), in the union of the bridal chamber, one sacramentally acquires a garment of light that makes one invisible to the hostile powers; unlike earthly garments, such heavenly garments put on "by water and fire" (baptism and chrism) are better than those who put them on (57, 19-23.
4th album coming later this year......... Glen Nicholls is better known as Future Funk Squad - DJ, producer and remixer, based in London.His work has included a wide portfolio of crushing remixes; Nine Inch Nails, The Prodigy, UNKLE, The Crystal Method, Hybrid, Device, White Lies, Stanton Warriors and Sia to name but a few.
1L H. Bonn, J. H. Clelahd, com' This Is the dar of anti-this, and antl-that, but what people need most nowadays is, tne anu-billous medi cine, Simmons Liver Regulator, the king of liver medicines, and better than pills.
1) I'm liking either Gmail or Gmail Mobile better than the blackberry email...any compelling reasons to use bb email over Gmail mobile?
After all, an ambassador knows their peers better than anyone else, that's why they've been selected.
A company name (LL Bean) might perform better than an employee's name (John Smith).
20. Minnesota Twins Last Year's Ranking: 18 Why They Might Be Better Than This: Ben Revere and Aaron Hicks give the Twins two premium center-field prospects where plenty of organizations have none; Angel Morales ' power is real; a core philosophy of their system that tends to favor command over stuff leaves their arms consistently underrated in scouting circles.
1 contract affected the other "I now realise that the Toronto Maple Leafs, Canada's finest hockey team, is better than the Ottawa Senators - and always will be.
Adler went on to briefly cite the New York Daily News before snarking that "[a]nyone who has spent a minute in a homeless shelter knows better than to buy the preposterous idea that people who could afford an apartment would rather stay there."
Add into that that according to the defensive metrics (and they get flaky when dealing with older players)Morgan's glove is _significantly_ better than Coleman's was and somewhat better than Devo's, and I don't think it's too much of a stretch to say that if he can maintain his overall '09 production into his age 29-31 years, he may end up being perhaps better than either of them, although with a much, much shorter career.
2) As for the tier 5 talent, is Grimoire of Sacrifice better than supremacy?
440, 59 L.Ed. 725, involved the question whether an 'instrumentality' corporation could acquire rights which would enable it to stand better than its transferor-creator.
After hearing his amazing singing voice on BOOK OF SHADOW, I know he can do better than this; but then again, Black Label Society is an entirely different beast from that album.
After a bad hair cut job from anther salon I went to hair fact salon since six monthes ago, Ken has been cutting my hair for five times , he has always given me a great hair cut , I always gotten many compliments on every hair cut he's ever given me Even when I thought he did something with my hair that was a little different than I asked for it turned out even better than what I thought I want .
6. Doppler radar heart sensor according to claim 1, further comprising a memory for calibration signal quality measurements of a prior calibration session, wherein the signal pattern matcher determines a current signal quality and the transmission power adjuster stops modifying the transmission power when the current signal quality measurement is equal to or better than the calibration signal measurement.
1. Pack starts out in it's normal slow mode... 2. Pack wins going away by double digits... behind an enthusiastic home crowd.... 3. Green gets his 20 4. 'Nervous' & 'Cuz' are more relaxed and play better than in the last few games ....
A blend of 96% Cabernet Sauvignon and 4% Cabernet Franc, the 1995 Cabernet Sauvignon Napa has turned out even better than the 1994.
A conflict arises when more than one kind of thought process is known to influence an individual at the same point of time, and they are unable to decide which one is better than the other.
Add to the fact that clouds blocked views of 2 volcanoes I went to see; the waves were no better than Florida.
2)The relationship... What is better - to fallow and catch your dreams or stick to a long-term relationship which just feels comfortable, nice, and familiar, but really need more work on them?
After hours of deliberation, telephone calls, personal conversations, reading hundreds of pages of transcripts and asking for guidance from above, I have come to the determination that the United States can do better than John Bolton.
2009 : Served as the team's closer in 2009...made 23 relief appearances totaling 38.2 innings out of the bullpen in his first season with the Herd...tied a single-season school record with eight saves...sits tied for third for saves in a MU career...his eight saves ranked fifth in Conference USA...posted a 3-5 record...finished second on the team in ERA (3.49) and third in strikeouts (45)...averaged better than a punch-out per inning (1.16)...held opponents to a .217
Afterall if the loser was conisdered better than the winner then they wouldnt need to play the game.
1) Talent identification has reached perfection and is always right - clearly wrong 2) Players that are no good at draft age will never be able to make the standard - clearly wrong 3) A team with 5 great players, A B C D & E will be better than the same team with just A B C & D - not proven to be right, I'll get to this one later.
[0092] Solder alloy Cerroseal 35 in the form of wire wets the glass surface more easily and better than Williams WS118 (52% indium/48% tin) in the form of about 0.11 mm thin foil.
2001 Chateau Leoville Poyferre, Grand Vin - Score: A- I have had this wine a few times now and each and every time I have had them they showed better than they did this night, and very differently to boot, but this bottle was still nice in its own right.
1. Most Compassionate- Tony & Kym 2. Most Creative- Derek & Chelsie 3. Most Sexiest- Maks & Tristan from the Troupe 4. Birthday dancers - Louis, Anna, Tristan & Peta 5. Pro dancer to teach me - Dmitry or Damian 6. Marathon dances - Yes! It's better than the "Winner Take All" stuff and the Instant Dances Bonus: Movies - Sense & Sensibility, The Hangover, Steel Magnolias, Casablanca, The Dark Knight
2012 - More defensive side won 2011- More attacking side won 2010 - Attacking side won (Pies defence was probably as good if not better than St Kilda's defence anyway) 2009 - Attacking side won 2007-08 - Geelong were far and away the best attacking and defensive side, even despite their 08 loss 2006 - Attacking side won 2005 - Defensive side won 2004 - Defensive side won
Adrian,I did see "Ghost Dog" and Forest Whitaker is superb.It was for me Infinitely better than Alain Delon's "Samurai".
(16) Arkansas-Pine Bluff vs. (16) Winthrop (Dayton: Tonight, 7:30) Play-in action at UD Arena doesn't get any better than this.
[11] So, enjoy the melt in your mouth apple coffee cake, pecan apple delight, better than Cinnabons or whatever great name you give me.
3. "Reptilia" ( Room on Fire ) There is a crop of fans who argue that Room on Fire is better than Is This It.
A cross section of a shell reveals three discrete layers; the periostracum, the prismatic layer and the nacreous layer, which lines the internal surface of the shell and is better known as mother-of-pearl (Jacob et al ., 2008).
Africa hands (we served The Times out of Nairobi, Kenya, from 1988 through 1992) think fondly of Ethiopia Airlines as the best African airline, by a wide margin--in fact, better than many Western carriers we can board at LAX .
[14]   CP&L , 1 S.T.B. at 1069 ("We can foresee situations where contracts contain service terms providing benefits, advantages, and projected efficiencies that would make the proposed service over the non-bottleneck segment 'better' than that presently offered by the bottleneck carrier over the existing through route, and make the bottleneck carrier's 'foreclosure' of that service over an additional through route conduct that would warrant prescriptive relief.
11. Play football in Memorial Stadium- There are few things better than getting a group of friends together on a warm spring day and playing football or Frisbee in K-State's former stadium.
Admittedly, the chances of the Jew being a "stand up comedian" are better than average but the obvious misrepresentations made by the media are pure race prejudice.
Actually although Im not a fan of Let's Dance the album artwork was much better than this rather silly Bowie with umbrella cover, It's just way too average and quite naff for a Bowie album cover, the original Let's Dance was very more Bowiesque IMO.
4: Gaius Caesar, son of Germanicus, is better known as the Roman Emperor Caligula (reigned 37-41).
1/18 Javier Hernandez - Spurs desperately need goals and who better than a proven Premier League goalscorer looking for somewhere he could be a first team regular.
1. Maimonides made an outreach decision that if this was your way of becoming closer to Torah, it is better to be silent in the face of an averah lishmah.
After a highly successful Bloggeranza Week in April 2010 featuring some of the top bloggers in the world of diet, health, and low-carb living, it's back and better than ever with five more of your favorite bloggers sharing about the great work they are doing spreading the message of living a healthy lifestyle.
A day and countless national television and radio interviews later, Jon Jones and Daniel Cormier found themselves in a better place Tuesday, understanding each other better than they did before coming to blows in the lobby of the MGM...
2000: Olympus TripMD 35mm 2001: Olympus mju II 35mm  -  Still no zoom, but better than the TripMD 2004: Olympus C-4000 4Mp  -  Let's go digital!
1gb speed will only be reliable on proper twisted pair cables (crosstalk) and shorter is better although with good cable the max length is close to 100 meters.
AFR WERE MUCH MORE THEN Is the demon carb now better than 750 holley DB? Due to the bastardization of a chevy into a Ford I was unable to find long tube headers to fit unless I went the one of approach.
2015 Free Admission , Praz-Delavallade, Paris, FR Better Than De Kooning , Villa Merkel, Esslingen am Neckar, DE Collecting Lines - Drawings from the Ringier Collection , Villa Flora, Winterthur, CH Magnificent Obsessions: The Artist as Collector , Barbican Centre, London, UK The Making of Personal Theory: Mysticism and Metaphysics in the Work of Sara Kathryn Arledge, Charles Irvin, and Jim Shaw , Armory Center for the Arts, Pasadena, CA, US Dominos , CIRCUIT, Lausanne, CH
2016 Kia Sportage driven: better than a Qashqai?
Active rest is better than passive rest (hanging on the wall) because it speeds recovery.
1) those teams are markedly better than the Rangers 2) The competition (with the exception of the Sharks), was always markedly worse.
A 95-yard touchdown run with shifty mid-field moves highlighted a 167-yard day against Texas, but Williams hurt his ankle two games later against Notre Dame and had just one 100-yard game and one game with better than 5 yards per carry the rest of the season - and both came in the regular-season finale against TCU, a week after he carried just seven times against Oklahoma State.
127 And in speaking on that subject I also expressed my opinion in regard to the reading proposed by Crates, namely, that it makes no difference whether we read the passage one way or the other; 128 but Poseidonius says it does make a difference, and that it is better to emend the passage to read "both where Hyperion departs."
After Dark Films did a great job with El Gringo which is a great pure action film with a simple yet decent story along with great action that is better than many of the films I've seen that are released in theaters, and hopefully a birth of an action star in Scott Adkins.
Adventure is the name of the game here, and few do it better than Nadia.
A fence that gives or breaks under major impact or stress is better for the horse's safety, but what happens on the other side?
A fourth challenger could be Dan Shak, but Shak is better-known for competing in major events and high-roller tournaments than putting in huge amounts of volume to chase a POY award.
09. Ladder Match: Shawn Michaels vs. Razor Ramon - SummerSlam 1995 Depending on what day you ask me, I might say that this ladder match was better than their ladder match at WrestleMania 10.
2) The goal of the reader who is better-predisposed to rejecting "victimless crimes" will be hard-pressed to gloss over, ignore or positively-spin such explicit recommendations, especially when those who are in power, their families and their peers have lived under the impression that the "correct" interpretation of the scripture is not only the only means of having a good/respectable life, but also a good/respectable afterlife.
2. No later than 65 days after each flight test of an ICBM or SLBM, the Party conducting the flight test shall provide, through diplomatic channels, a missile acceleration profile, for all its stages and its self-contained dispensing mechanism, having a precision better than one-tenth of a meter per second squared, with a rate of no less than five times per second, with these data provided relative to an inertial frame of reference in a three-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system.
About: I manage the Rockport & Ingleside offices of Coldwell Banker The Ron Brown Company: we've been bringing you home since 1953 and, with five offices in the area, no one knows the region better than we do!
According to the recent Legislative Audit, Trax is doing better than buses in moving people financially, but Frontrunner is getting creamed.
Accordingly, Hypertext mark-up language (HTML) is better suited to craft something that investors can best navigate and read.
About the meds: I really enjoyed playing the Cromwell (just sold it for Comet during the special, but I guess I'll buy it back again somewhen), the only thing I had to keep in mind was to play it more or less like a light tank - keep moving, keep turning and NEVER STOP if you're not 100 % sure that noone is aiming at you! Due to the nice accuracy of the gun hitting targets even while driving around full speed worked a lot better than expected!
"A costume designer understands the character's aesthetic better than anyone," says Deena Appel , who conceived "Austin Powers'" signature look and serves as spokeswoman for the Costume Designers Guild .
1/28/12 Wine Tasting Louisville, KY (Brown Club of Kentucky) 3:00 pm - 5:00 pm, The Limestone Restaurant , 10001 Forest Green Boulevard It doesn't get any better than this, folks.
Adreno, Mali, PowerVR, Vivante, etc) on a whole will perform better than Kepler (per core).
5 Pros The Audi A4 has class leading rear seat and boot space All the engines combine good fuel efficiency and performance 5 out of 5 star safety The fact that you can get it without a fancy / jerky dual clutch gearbox (although apparently the standard auto is still not that great) Nice interior with standard leather, built in Germany (unlike the BMW 3 Series) and the station wagon version looks better than most Compact SUV's 5 Cons Dynamically [...]
After all, guys like Steven Gray, Robert Sacre and Elias Harris, each of whom averages better than 12 points per game, have been to the Big Dance and had some success.
A blend of Ribeyrenc Blanc, Clairette, and Grenache Gris, which is very much better than Grenache Blanc, which tends to be rather flat.
1974 Les Paul Standard in Wine Red (damn neck breaks, but BF Greg fixed better than NEW!) 1977 Les Paul Standard in Natural (Man the action on this baby is SMOOOOOOTH!) 1971 SG Pro with a Bigsby (if this baby could talk what stories she'd tell.
17. Archived Article: Real Briefs - Tuesday, September 16, 1997 The results from the FDICs latest quarterly survey of real estate trends show that conditions in residential and commercial markets in July generally were better than during the prior three months The results from the FDICs latest quarterly survey o...
17 million Australians [many 'unemployed' [sic] or 'retired' [another sic] do volunteeer work without which many local/community/charity organizations would go kaput and someone would then have to pay someone to do the work or it wouldn't get done [OK I made up the number at the start of the sentence cos I dunno the real number and it sounded better than the word 'lots'].
[0070] In one deposition 7059 glass substrates (area ˜100 cm 2 ) were cleaned by adopting RCA procedure and placed on the anode in the PECVD reactor and the reactor was pumped to a base pressure better than 10 -7 torr.
After all it is unfair comparing Apple to Samsung, because the answer will always be Apple is better than Samsung because they build iOS and its hardware, not just modifying Android made by Google with its own hardware.
1. Winnipeg Jets - oh man what would be better than the return of the NHL to Winnipeg?
1250 W Schubert Ave Original list price: $2,899,900 Sold price: $3.055 million Although it was just built in 2012, this home boasts "better than new construction," with contemporary, one-of-a-kind style on an extra-wide lot.
Admiral Robert FitzRoy is better known as the Captain of HMS Beagle , the ship that carried Darwin on his famous voyage.
4. Yes my background is in journalism and my grasp on the English language is perhaps a little better than most, but I do not know every word in the dictionary.
Actually anything but george bush is better.
According to my point of view, it is quite simple and strong chart but current transiting major planets Saturn and Jupiter positions are well support to him, that would be better than former Prime Minister Tony Blair.
1) Send greeting cards to commemorate various holiday or special events, such as Rosh Hashana, a Bar mitzvah, wedding, birth of a child, etc. Snail mail is much better than electronic.
12. (Allâh) said: "What prevented you (O Iblîs) that you did not prostrate, when I commanded you?" Iblîs said: "I am better than him (Adam), You created me from fire, and him You created from clay." (7:11-12) Iblis saw himself nobler than Adam, so he refused to prostrate before him, even though it was a Divine command for for him to prostrate as He cammanded the angels.
After all, if you're trying to crystallize holiday excess in liquid form, how better than to combine sweet cream with strong rum or brandy.
2. Pubs: London pubs are hardly new but they are better than ever.
According to U.S. Chamber of Commerce data, 70 percent of surveyed voters " agree that a private election is better than card check ."
047.014 YUSUFALI: Is then one who is on a clear (Path) from his Lord, no better than one to whom the evil of his conduct seems pleasing, and such as follow their own lusts?
Adjust the shift points to the meat of the power, right around 4500 to 5000 revs, and the acceleration is better than expected.
After an afternoon of hard play, what's better than a good meal?
A former 3rd round selection of the Winnipeg Jets in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft, he has averaged better than a point per game throughout his career, recording 523 points (250g-273a) during his first nine professional seasons.
Actor Murphy says Hynes knows the world of McDonagh's play better than anyone, because she's from the West of Ireland.
484 - 420 B.C. ) observed that each society typically regards its own belief system and way of doing things as better than all others.
After a week of that degrading torture I have problem understanding why they'd feel better than ever once returning to a normal life style.
7 Tips for Better Compositions by John Cooper What makes one photo better than another?
1) alcohol and guns do not mix any better than alcohol and gasoline.2)My
2. For the exercise of liberality is grand, in such manner as it is better and pleasanter, in like manner, for the ground on which a liberal man walks, better for the wind that blows upon a liberal man, better for the horse on which a liberal man sits, better, in like manner, for the cow and goat that  2 a liberal man eats, and   3 pleasanter for the sun and moon and stars that shine upon a liberal man.
A building close to being full of Snowbirds is better than what they draw against teams like Nashville and Columbus.
Additionally, instead of really pushing us to get the specials of the day, she listened to our order, told us the specials, and when I asked if she recommended something from that list, she confidentially told me that what I ordered was better than the specials.
Actually, Brosnan's post-007 career has been varied and impressive but then, even during the years he played James Bond, he managed to juggle things so that his resume would include such worthy films as John Borman's excellent "The Tailor of Panama," Bruce Beresford's "Evelyn," Richard Attenborough's "Grey Owl" and John McTiernan's "The Thomas Crown Affair" which, arguably, is better than Norman Jewison's original.
44. Corin ( As You Like It ) - The old forest-dwelling shephard councils the younger love-struck Silvius, matches wits with Touchstone, and reminds us that courtly life isn't better than the simple life, just different.
1) U.S. Army Survival Manual FM21-76:No one knows survival better than the U.S. Army, so this exceptional field guide is the most authoritative of its kind.
5) The "christmas wreath" scented candle I received today from some clients totally rocks and is way better than the christmas candle I bought for twenty bucks at Illuminations. (Inhale).
9. UCLA: If Brett Hundley is half as good as the hype, then he'll be better than UCLA's alternatives (Kevin Prince and Richard Brehaut).
2)... Hit better than .400 in her first three matches of the season and was named to the Arkansas Invitational all-tournament team after averaging 13.0 points and nine kills in two matches... Was named the 2011 Mountain West Preseason Player of the Year... Earned 2011 Academic All-Mountain West team honors for her performance in the classroom.
According to journalist Jim Angle, Fox News' presidential embed on election night, even the first family was stunned and shaken by exit polls showing challenger Kerry doing far better than they had expected.
9 Responses to Armed Robbery or Government: Which is Better?
According to Sister Joseph Marie, who came to the Sisters of Mercy a little later in life, religious life is better than she expected.
1. Barbados Real Estate Market ProfilePublished on:Friday, April 03, 2009Written by:Global Property GuideThe Barbados real estate market has held up very well throughout the financial crisis.Thanks to its high end clientele the island was buffered better than most to withstandthe effects of the downturn.
1996 - Tom Lehman shoots a final-round 73 for a 72-hole total of 13-under 271 to win the British Open, two strokes better than Ernie Els and Mark McCumber.
1) Reds are better than their start - plus they have Votto 2) Cubs will have their seasonal fire sale early this year 3) Attendance and viewership continues to fall (why not) more excuses for management
Add to the mix that the deposit is low sulphide and (although I'm assuming somewhat) is unlikely to need use of cyanide to extract the gold (UPDATE Thurs AM: after a lesson in metallurgy from those who know this rock better than I, it seems my assumption was wrong.
1. can someone please, for the love of god, find me a mudguard that is better than the crudguard, that doesn't rub for four hours or flap around in the breeze and is in no way flimsy?
2 It is better to go to a house of mourning than to go to a house of feasting, for death is the destiny of everyone; the living should take this to heart.
313 tion ; and the result obtained, however little positive and certain it may appear, is assuredly much better than the total absence of any data on the subject; and we must, therefore, be contented for the present with this approximation, for the want of a better one. 1 A third memoir with plates, by M. F. Keller, at Zurich, on the lacustrine habitations will be published in the course of the month of March, 18G0.
A cop friend in Aplena says that there is better fishing north of town in Grand Lake and Long Lake.
1969 was the last year that the Impala SS was offered with the Z24 package, but the only year in which front disc brakes and 15-inch (380 mm) wheels were standard; that made the 1969 SS427 mechanically better than the previous versions in standard form.
A friend in need is a friend indeed one close friend is better tan ten fake friends & the more the merrier so long as they are real and I agree with you that destiny plays an important part of how and where we meet our friends ...
19. There's Always Someone Better Than You
1. Animal Kingdom - Two By Two 2. Arctic Monkeys - When the Sun Goes Down 3. Ash - Kung Fu 4. Badly Drawn Boy - Born again 5. Better Than Ezra - Good 6. Biffy Clyro - Many of horror 7. Bikinians - Rhinocirrhosis 8. Bombay Bicycle Club - Evening, morning 9. Burn Before Reading - Markers 10.
Actually, you can't ask for anything better than coming home," he said.
Aaron Fisher, 18, told the magazine he decided to come forward with a book to tell other victims it is better to tell people about abuse than remain silent.
A couple of coaches in the Sun Belt have floated the idea that Broadway might be even better than Gautier.
1. Crawford Trade is still not a winner to me until I see him perform better than Flip did last year and Ramon Sessions ends up sucking and DeJuan Blair isn't the next coming of Charles Barkley as a rebounder AND Acie Law doesn't become the equal of Jeff Teague in the rotation for the Warriors.
3. Mithun - Gemini : The phase is really alarming for you as You will face major issues on both Marriage and Career front...If Domestic and Professional happiness is finished what remains is nothing....Deep trouble for you on both the levels...If possible keep dialogue with your spouse, if you people can separate temporarily, it will fulfill the programming....it is better than the separation by means of death or divorce....
7. Dragons Kiss - Marty Friedman: Instrumental album from before he joined Megadeth, and the guitar solo stuff on here is better than anything he did with deth, its fantastic Its heavy metal all the way, Maybe Coops has heard it and can second my recommendation, Dragon Mistress rocks, and the rest are great too...
23 amp ready to be hard wired in great for on board air horns can be configured to pump up your tyres much better than being stranded and waiting for help if you need a tyre repair kit please look in ...
A collection of grotesque satirical character sketches is called Der Ohrenzeuge (1974; translated as Earwitness , 1979); in the portrait devoted to the title character, the "Earwitness" himself, the reader learns that "his ear is better and more faithful than any gadget, nothing is erased, nothing is blocked,... he accurately registers even things he does not understand and delivers them unaltered if people wish him to do so."
19  If it please the king , let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus ; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.
100 times better than twilight, there is no doubt that The Mortal Instruments is one of the best series ever written!!1 There's much more action in MI than in Twilight, no one can argue with that.
1) Generally, cope better than your opponents with the many demands (competition, training, lifestyle) that sport places on a performer; and, 2) Specifically, be more consistent and better than your opponents in remaining determined, focused, confident, and in control under pressure."
After all she has been through and she is trying to protect others..she must have an inherintly good heart, because from age 10 she didn't have a mother to teach her or to learn from, just a rapist child stealer, and still she turned out better than most.
2013-08-26 [804] Squid pro quo 2013-08-22 [803] Still better than Groucho glasses 2013-08-19 [802] Enter the Dread Doctor 2013-08-15 [801] Life-action Cluedo 2013-08-12 [800] Those proudly exccentric Englishmen 2013-08-08 [799] Dramatis personae 2013-08-05 [798] We're getting the band back together 2013-08-01 [797] The Verraderlijk Plot of Dr. Dutchman Fu 2013-07-29 [796] Timely call 2013-07-25 [795] A kink in time saves nine 2013-07-22 [794] A new Beginning (cont.)
16. Believes the Western Conference is better than the East right now because of superior goaltending and better defencemen.
1. Better than 90% of interviewees have no significant relationships beyond their  like-minded groups.
After all, it's their first ever pancake lens and all the pancakes we've seen in recent years for M 43/3 cameras (Panasonic, Olympus etc) have really sacrifices image quality for the convenient form factor. Canon have actually created a lens that is not only better than all those mirrorless camera versions, but it also cheaper and better built!
actually these fillers will be better than the madara fight,since it might get back were this manga was good,shinobi vs shinobi,jutsus,good fights and tactics,not a hulk smash we're watching currently in the manga,one sided fights were madara hides behind susanoo and tanks everything that comes his way or the yugui-oh match between him and hashirama.
3300 rounds of 5.56 -.223 of which (I had to google this) 1200 rounds are Canadian Military ivi C-77 with the nato cross on the headstamp , 62 grain steel core, copper jacket stuff that goes 3,000 FPS and is supposed to go thru barriers a bit better than most.
1998 Chevrolet C/K 2500 Series K2500 Cheyenne Styles 2007 Chevrolet Silverado First Drive This one's for the grown ups 2007 Chevrolet Suburban Review Doing it all, now better than ever
00 buckshot or a 115gr (or 230gr) pistol bullet will sail through multiple sheets of sheetrock without losing very much energy at all, because the higher weight of the projos mean they retain velocity so much better than 5-10 grain fragments that go through the air like they have drogue chutes attached.
add and for my Parallel of Archi- tecture better than that of this Treatise Page 8z, line 16; after Warwickshire, add Mr. Asbmole's Garter, Page 83, line 16 ; to Custos is the following addition: Do- minicus Custos, and Wolfgangus Kilian, from the paintings of Wickgram and others, The effigies of the Duke of Bavaria, with the rest in his ^Atrium Heroicum for all the famous persons of that century, both of Europe and Asia.
A component of equilibrium porous flow explains peridotite compositions better than olivine deposition or refertilization.
3-secrets-to-make-you-as-unstoppable-as-a-superhero-with-a-big- hammer/Introduction: In this episode, 3 secrets to make you unstoppable, naked juice, microwaving peanuts, bee pollen extract, colostrum supplements, are chia seeds better than fish oil, achilles pain from bicycling, the fat burning zone, training for an ultramarathon, and a metallic taste in the mouth after exercise.
Actually I think that Arabs who live inside Israel and the Joulan heights know this better than I do and I don't think they'd like to replace their Israeli passports with passports from any Arab country ; they know the difference and even people living inside Arab countries began to see the difference after the revolution in communications and news flow.
[10] I agree with your opinion about the yankees post season fate but to make this a great October, CC must be better than excellent.
After a long day of carving the various slants and slopes of Killington Mountain, nothing could be better than recharging at Killington Grand Hotel & Spa.
10) Jazil (Seeking the Gold - Better Than Honour by Deputy Minister)  $7,500  Jazil may have been a bit of a plodder, but he was a successful and well bred plodder.
After a brief discussion with the rest of the group, we decided bigger is better and opted for Lake Mohave, while there are several species to target in the lake (Rainbow trout,Largemouth bass, Smallmouth bass, Striped bass, Crappie, Sunfish, Channel catfish,Common carp,Threadfin shad) reading that striped bass can reach well over 50lbs, we wanted the big boys.
8 ounces Tofutti Better Than Cream Cheese (look for the non-hydrogenated version in the yellow container) 12 ounces extra-firm silken tofu (Mori-nu brand in aseptic package) 1/2 cup agave nectar (or sugar) 2 tablespoons cornstarch 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice 1/2 teaspoon vanilla
After a summer of playing with the kids, an autumn of Too Much Work, and recently a bout with the H1N1 flu, I'll be building from a conditioning base of not much better than zero.
(03-11-2012 11:02 AM) biglump007 Wrote:   Considering we don't have Jones, McLain, or weigman and if you think bush is better than Charles you must be on crack.
[146] It is better, as in Jeremiah 25:16 , to connect "the sword" with this last verb: the verse then would read thus, -- 27.
16. TEN - They were better than their record last year, and QB Young does win.
4. Doug Van Orsow - Greenbelt Grimpeurs - USA / 226 Points 5. Andrea Grandi - Speedy Gonzabel - Italy / 226 Points 6. Sam Bills - EUROTRASH!!! - UK / 217 Points 7. Raymond Tiangco - My Legs Look Better Than Yours - Philippines / 215 Points 8. David Holm - Giorgino - Denmark / 213 Points 9. Buds Fuller - TeamBuds - New Zealand / 205 Points 10.
Adventure Eggs is decent, but pricewise and being able to get them easy OE is better even on that.
[5] Historically, educational data have been used to support the politics of folks who want to show what education has done (or, more probably, not done) in the past, to support the theory that traditional education strategies (that is, my ways of teaching) are better than all the new-fangled strategies, to support the myth that learning must be fun instead of work, and to support other theories of teaching rather than theories of learning.
[13] Over the next few weeks, Khali and Daivari continued to proclaim that Khali was better than the Undertaker, [14] [15] however, on May 5, General Manager Long told Khali and Daivari that the Undertaker had challenged Khali to a match at Judgment Day.
2009 Yarden Cabernet (notes in another thread) 2009 Ella Valley Cab Franc -- pleasant and herbaceous with black licorice and great acid 2010 Makom Carignan (by Hajdu) -- my last bottle, ack! 2010 Eagles Landing Pinot Noir -- surprisingly better than I thought it would be, very new world, not oaky, but not for cellaring 2007 Binyamina Chosen/Choshen Cabernet -- thin and bitter, not for me.
"Absolutely, better than any roller coaster!" - Steve J. from Hershey, PA
[21] What has been lacking in most discussions of a possible war with Iraq is any portrayal of the coherence of this perspective on power and conflict that might help us imagine and craft responses that offer the possibility of working, and working better than violence.
A bonus is that between checking out of your room and catching the coach to the ship you can use the pool, steam room and sauna - much much better than doing the "departure lounge" thing sitting in reception for a couple of hours, waiting for the coach.
A brief unsigned 1961 article about Szilard in Life Magazine quotes Szilard as saying, "IUm all in favor of the democratic principle that one idiot is as good as one genius, but I draw the line when someone takes the next step and concludes that two idiots are better than one genius."
(1) Nobody should be shocked because we're not that much better than the Lions.
A friend (who works as an artist in the video game industry) and I have come to the conclusion that most of the multiplatform games look better on the 360 not because 360 is better or even that they're developing for the least common denominator, but because companies aren't spending the time to properly utilize the PS3's power and graphic capabilities.
11. Ghostface Killah - Ghost Dini: The Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City I've voiced my opinion on this record and its bad rap before , but suffice to say this is a consistent Ghost album, if not better than The Big Doe Rehab .
"Additionally, there's no evidence than syntax complexity is better of worse.
Africa weathered the global recession better than most regions of the world, and its recent economic performance is second only to that of Asia, according to several international institutions (see Africa Renewal , April 2010).
According to the ratings he's only 8lb off what was the required standard to win this year's Gold Cup, he's 1lb better than Grade One RSA winner O'Faolains Boy and 2lb better than stablemate and Grade One JLT winner Taquin De Seuil.
2 TBL Organic Juice (I recommend Happy Planet Acai Berry Bliss, far better than the Coca Cola owned and deadly sugar laden Tropicana Orange Juices)
After jobless claims in the U.S. fell more than expected and core retail sales exceeded expectations, the markets get to digest a better than expected manufacturing sector reading from China and data showing an improvement in eurozone private sector activity.
[ 71 ] False memories can also be accounted for by the generation effect , which is an observable phenomenon where repeated exposure to a belief, suggestion, or false information is better remembered with each subsequent generation.
"AFT agrees 'As a nation we can do so much better than the current farm bill,'" Grossi says, "The best thing that could happen is for all of us to realize that the 2007 Farm Bill is once-in-a-lifetime chance to transform public policy into something that works, and we shouldn't let that opportunity escape-we must get involved."
7. If you want to show screenshots of your game, or tell people about it, that would be ok too (hopefully the game uses OpenGL ). 8. Flame wars about which API is better "OpenGL vs. DirectX" could probably go here, but I have seen sooooo many posts about it, I will most likely go crazy if I saw another one... Plus, the answer is obvious, OpenGL all the way (j/k I mean, I use DirectX, even D3D, quite a bit).
1 Cor 7:8-17 Now to the unmarried and to widows, I say: it is a good thing for them to remain as they are, as I do, but if they cannot exercise self-control they should marry, for it is better to marry than to be on fire.
2. The USA's top line of Stastny, David Moss (Phoenix Coyotes) and Craig Smith (Nashville Predators) might be playing better than any in the tournament.
2006 Fernando Alonso beach towel 2007 Ferrari cap 2007 Ferrari race jacket 2010 Mercedes cap 2010 Mercedes race jacket (it's a fake, but it's the best damn fake ever.. Looks 100% authentic and better than official merchandise) Ferrari key chain Michael Schumacher shirt (circa 2002 or 2003, I forget)
4)People like Chris Baldwin loudly proclaim that Paula Creamer and Morgan Pressel are better than Michelle Wie.
21 WT WL can't get to 17 with a train SP and DF say offensive no AB non ST unless I add pts to SP even then??? STR can get to 17 but doesn't change the DMG catagories just the %'s LUs tend to use the benefits of CN better than SLs and BAs DEF is going to suck no matter what
Actually, her self-portrait is far better than most adults manage to take!
37 "Swelled Head" in Business 41 Regarding Charity, Welfare Work and Olher Matters 45 Where High Wages Begin 49 The Army Is Never "Laid Off" 55 Prevention Is Better Than Sympathy 61 Success Plays No Favorites 67 Personal Relations - Their Importance for Life 74 Cultivate Your Own Market 81 "Labor and Capital" Are False Terms 87 The Right of a Man to His Work 94 The Fear of Change 99 How Much Domestic Trouble Is Preventable?
a case of perception, its a case of knowing the real difference between the two systems and knowing where the center ground is, We live in a Capitalist World we all ways have done, even State Capitalism is ten times better than what we got now.
3/4 cups of INSTANT coffee 1 1/2 cups of Splenda or sugar(Splenda is better....trust me) 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract 1/2 gallon of vodka(only use half a bottle of this, 'cause a whole bottle makes 2 batches) 1 bottle of Bailey's Irish Creme(i use the cheap stuff...same taste, just cheaper)
A bad day in the Philippines, which very rarely happens, is better than an excellent day in the classroom in China!
1 bundle green onions, chopped 1/2 bag baby carrots (8 ounces), chopped 1 bunch celery, chopped 3 tablespoons olive oil 4 tablespoons vegetable bouillon (I use Better Than Bouillon) 5 cups water 1 small purple cabbage, chopped 2 ears fresh corn, corn cut off cob 1 can (15 ounces) diced tomatoes, undrained 1 can (15 ounces) kidney beans, drained 1 cup mushroom spaghetti sauce 1 teaspoon lemon pepper hot sauce, to taste
After a long night of Ameri-Can shotgunning and general displays of drunken patriotism, there's nothing better than a sackful of McDoubles to take you from "Guy who runs naked through the quad with an American Flag" back down to "Dude who starts the out-of-place, but still completely appropriate U-S-A chant."
-Adonis and Murdoch were better than Dave thought they were -Andre was generally poor in his last tour here with the exception of a couple of bouts -other wrestlers in were Dusty Rhodes (Generally disappointing), Abdullah, Bad News Allen.
After a bit I got kinda a sense of how to move but I wasn't sure if I was doing appreciably better than either random play or a "dash for the exit" AI.
A dazzling comet can ignite a viewer's passion better than almost any other celestial object.
1. "Bixby Canyon Bridge" 2. "I Will Possess Your Heart" 3. "No Sunlight" 4. "Cath" 5. "Talking Bird" 6. "You Can Do Better Than Me (But I Can't Do Better Than You)" 7. "Grapevine Fires" 8. "Your New Twin Size Bed" 9. "The Remainder" 10. "Pity and Fear" 11. "The Ice Is Getting Thinner"
A classic discussion of creed vs cheaper brands is Cool Water and GIT, while I like neither in the first place to get into that one, most people would agree that it's really hard to tell the difference, and no matter how creed fans slice it, I really doubt anybody who thinks GIT is 10% better than Cool Water would pay 10 times the price just for a hardly noticeable improvement.
1. its new interface looks much better than the old generation ones.
2 One star means that a facility scored no better than the bottom 20 percent of facilities in its region, two stars means it scored in the 20-40 percent range, on up to five stars, for facilities that scored as well or better than at least 80 percent in the region.
1 box/bag of elbow macaroni (try gluten free versions too!) 1 cup Vegenaise, or other vegan mayo (but let's be honest, does it get better than this?) 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon pepper 2 stalks of celery, diced 1 yellow onion, finely diced 1 carrot, shredded 2-3 three pickles, finely diced   Method:
ABC's current crop of single-camera shows does a good job of keeping the basic core of a multi-camera sitcom- The Middle is traditional, tumultuous family fare in the vein of  Everybody Loves Raymond ; Happy Endings could finally be the Friends clone that's better than Friends -while the NBC Thursday-night lineup and Raising Hope are so grounded in a love for the sitcoms of yore, they treat them as sacred texts.
59. similar in form to the vibrations of the air accompanying the said vocal or other sounds.MLR 110-5 Edit Format Document The Myth of the Sole Inventor independent invention was different and in some ways better than Bell's.
30 Second Wine Tasting Tip: How 75% can be better than 100% Which would you rather drink: A wine that's made 100 percent from a single grape variety like Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay or Merlot ... or one made from a blend of more than one grape?
3rd post babies , but at least I am gonna post something usefullI liked Reloaded alot , I hope this is better ...as for anyone outthere who has Enter The Matrix ( game ) when you finish the game , you can watch some more parts of Revolutions .. or if you lose against that Azn guy ( but first I must appollogize )
[ 2 ] In 1920, Thomas Nixon Carver wrote that dumping money into the sea is better for society than spending it wastefully, as the latter wastes the labor that it hires.
1988;6:333-336; Manoranian, C. S. et al, Bag - Valve - Mask Ventilation; Two Rescuers Are Better Than One: Preliminary Report , Critical Care Medicine, 1985;13:122-123; Lande, S. et al, Comparing Ventilatory Techniques During CPR , J. E. M. S. May 1982; Harrison, R. R. et al, Mouth - to - Mouth Ventilaion: A Superior Method of Rescue Breathing , Ann.
1: You might suggest that this requirement is better served using column(s) with time series calculations, and you might be right.
A die-hard Palace fan who watched his horse win one of the biggest fixtures in jump racing says it was even better than seeing the Eagles get promoted to the Premier League.
15 At another Alexandria spring training, Herzog reported Lear looking better than he had in 1914.
active cooling, a shift to 180nm, on-die image processing (NR, ADC), etc.), and the 7D II sensor even with more megapixels could perform noticeably better than the original 7D.
1. Buddy's Pizza 6 Mile Life may not get better than a crunchy corner slice of Buddy's pizza, and if they didn't top this list, we would be doing a disservice to pizza consumers everywhere.
A better than expected performance by the coalition parties will conversely make it easier for them to draw a line under this miserable period for the government and turn the pressure back on the Labour leader.
5 and 6) have almost I d e n t i c a l objective functions, s l i g h t l y better than the i d e n t i c a l p a i r C and D (see f i g s .
2005 World Series of Poker -- Mid Tournament Report The 2005 World Series of Poker started its 36th year bigger and better than ever at the RIO! Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada.
2 June 2014 - Adrian Sutil has said he hopes the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve will suit the Sauber C33 better than tracks that have come before.
8-Smith is better than hill!
Aboriginal Australians Managed the Forest Better than Europeans S .
According According to tothe the recent outcomes from from National National Home Home Health Health Compare Data, RVNA RVNA ranked ranked better better than thanlocal, local, Compare Data, state federal agencies agencies in in many many critical critical state and and federal measures including reduced reduced re-admissions re-admissionsto to measures including hospital, effective treatment treatment of of pain, pain and hospital, effective care care initiated in aa timely timely manner.
2.Buy your own tools and save from costly bike shop repair jobs...the tools needed don't cost much and once your learn how to dial your own bike in it will run better than any bike shop mechanic could ever tune it.
6) i Envy by Kiss premium human hair false eyelashes- from better than natural to Kardashian Krazy long, if you apply strip eyelashes correctly, your eyes will pop in photos, videos, or a fab night out.
1 refrigerated pizza dough, or one from your favorite pizza joint (I use homemade) Cornmeal, for sprinkling on pizza pan Extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), for drizzling 1/4 pound pancetta, chopped 1 cup ricotta cheese 1/4 cup grated Romano or Parmigiano Reggiano cheese 1 large clove garlic, grated (2 cloves is better) Black pepper 2 large egg yolks, beaten 1 1/2 to 2 cups shredded provolone cheese A handful of flat-leaf parsley, chopped
According to the S-man, the rest of the world (aka Windows users) are no better than a swarm of crack heads, wandering the corners looking for our next re-up.
94. 1995 BMW 7 Series: The first big BMW sedan to look better than Mercedes' big sedans.
1.Monster Hunter Tri 2.Call of Duty Black Ops (Ya I said It) 3.Resident Evil 4 4.WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2010 (I have heard 2011 is better but I don't have so...) 5.Red Steel 2 6.NSMBW 7.Mario Kart 8.Wii Sports Resort 9.Wii Sports 10.The Conduit
A better-than-expected result would support both the New Zealand dollar and Australian dollar independently, but likely result in a weaker NZD/AUD."
6x champion is better than 5 and also not losing in the big game like LeBron.
According to the libretto she doesn't yet realize she has lost her divinity when she first wakes up and greets Siegfried (thesis); but then she recoils when he touches her and dotes on her horse and her armor (antithesis); as for the synthesis, Wagner's music as usual performs a wordless sublimation and resolves the contradiction better than his libretto does, leaving room for Wagnerians to grope once again for a saving interpretation.
A fire might draw attention, but was better than a lover.
31 Still, the hospital is clearly resourced better than most hospitals in the public health system, possibly leading to higher quality of care.
1. How can you deny being elitist when you say that the masons are full of members who have been made better than ordinary people purely by belonging to a lodge?
After discovering the joys of nutella cream cheese and a creamy pumpkin cream cheese that tasted better than the fruit, I knew the Rossillo was the real deal.
"7. Mato Watapke, Charging Bear, the first son of Used As Their Shield, is better known to white history as 'John Grass' - John Grass of Sioux wars and treaty fame.
60% is better odds than Diving Tackle against most Dodge teams, too.
1. Halak didn't "steal it" but the early save on Pleks was big. 2. The way the game is played today, bigger is better.
[0020] While vanadium and niobium work well as the material of an intermediate layer between palladium and an underlying hydrogen absorbing alloy at high temperatures, Tantalum seems to work better than those materials at low temperatures, which are more interesting scientifically and commercially than the higher temperatures at which niobium and vanadium work well.
1) Don't use expat (you probably have libxml2 installed anyway, and that's much better than expat) 2) Use the CVS stable version which has a patch/fix that corrects this problem.
According to opposition congressman Carlos Langrand of the National Assembly's Economic Commission, the ALBA (Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas) business group funded by Venezuelan oil imports and controlled by President Daniel Ortega's inner circle is doing better than ever.
17:52:39 seb128 pedro_, yeah, better to run 17:52:42 rodrigo_ :) 17:52:46 seb128 I've no clue about mono ;-) 17:53:07 pitti tkamppeter: I did; I think it's a great idea, but we need to discuss that with IS; I think mail is better there
4) Prince (not ranked): The Purple One tells London newspaper The Guardian that he will not record any new material until there is better regulation of online distribution.
Actually, this is far better than returning to the old sound .. Korn III was EPIC FAIL,,, and for me, i liked Korn when they get little experimental in their untitled album way more than any other recent Korn material ...
3. Super Mario World - In 1991, Nintendo was working on its new system, the Super Nintendo, and they needed a game to showcase the ways it was better than the Sega Genesis (Mega Drive for all my fans from other parts of the world).
According to my opinion, whereas osteoporotic bone disease can be truly considered an alteration of bone cells, osteomalacia (rickets) is better considered a bone symptom of a kidney disease.
After considering the two options presented above and the negative aspects of each, you should be thinking "Wow, I hope there's something better than this, or else I'm packing up and going home!"
1) There are computational solutions that can boost this through inference and machine learning; 2) Lack of geo-tagged tweets should be addressed as a shortcoming in policy; 3) Some information is better than no information and one can infer from a small set of data; 4) No one in their right mind would advocate for disaster response based one data source (tweets) alone; 5) Humanitarians are becoming information DJs, trying their best to create the right mix from imperfect soundtracks.
1) AT&T's San Francisco reliability via laptop modem rather than iPhone was 85 percent-still among the worst numbers in the tests, but much better than the iPhone turned in.
2. It'll show that Seth is a homo bitch with a jaw not much better than Kimbo's 3. It will further prove that Kimbo is a bigger bitch/over-hyped gimmick/all around waste of $$$. 4. Roy Jones Jr is headlining and even though he's over the hill as a fighter, there's a good chance that he will be reitiring after this fight (he always wanted to end it in P'cola) and I'm not gonna miss it.
After considering all of this and thinking   it over for a few days, I have decided that there is no other person who fills the part of my role model better than my mother.
1. Imagination - Many people neglect their creative side feeling that it is better to be all about the logic, but in fact some of the most successful business people are also the most imaginative.
21 , his epitaph, is unknown, save that at line 6 of that poem he is described as "the consolation of my dwindling family," and in view of the previous death of the poet's father and mother this comment may suit a connection with the Fitzgeoffreys better than one with the Mohuns.
Adam and Eve now inhabit a "choice" culture" but this choice that is death will, by the laws of yuppie epiphany, be superior to eternal life because after all, becoming is always better than being; and, in addition to choice, our culture is a sort of whore for endless flux- Faust's striving, but with a dose of eastern equivocation to keep it from being ferocious.
5. The Walking Dead (Season 3.5) This really should have been better than it was, with David Morrissey's Governor finally providing the zombie drama with a much-needed main bad guy and antagonist.
According to Grubbs, having a party-sponsored Straw Poll is better than having The Family Leader, the Farm Bureau or any single group conduct a straw poll in Iowa to measure support for the presidential candidates.
[12]  Michael Hogan of  The Telegraph  said that the episode was "even better" than the previous two.
1867-1931     Arnold Bennett, English poet, author and critic: "Good taste is better than bad taste, but bad taste is better than no taste at all."     (AP, 11/5/97)     "The price of justice is eternal publicity."
962kg and 59kw is a whopping 61kw/tonne, must be a thrill to drive, a 1975 Gemini did better than that
A beautiful voice with simple keyboard backup is the classic jazz lounge combination and no one in Tokyo does it better than Andrea Hopkins and Jonathan Katz.
1. Kintaro - I give Kintaro only a slight edge over Goro as favorite sub-boss I like his design better than Goro's (them tiger stripes are da sex) and Kintaro was much harder to beat so when I did finally beat him, it was VERY satisfying.
After all, nothing's better than a little Winter warm-up to get your blood flowing.
4) Facebook status: Great lunch meal at one of my wife's Christmas parties - although grace was said with Billy Idol's "Mony Mony" playing on the CD...guess that was better than "Rebel Yell"...   Billy Idol - Rebel Yell Yes, Billy had a famous sneer...or "Whiplash Smile" (the name of his 1986 album).
1. Snorlax's moveset is great; Much better than Growlithe's OR Arcanine's 2. Growlithe is Fire type.
1) CC Sabathia will anchor the revamped rotation and with one of the most dangerous lineups (far better than the Brewers and Indians' lineups in 2008) in baseball he can pitch to contact and rely on the bombers to score runs if he gets behind in games.
5.2 warriors with haste to about 3.00 attack speed was really good for rage regen but now since the pvp power change the resil/pvp power gems and resil base change going crit seems to be better than haste.. tho haste is still pretty good, warriors are less likely to die in a global now if they D stance frostbomb deeps ect so more warriors are going crit/mastery now for more damage output.
2.)The Heavenly Bodies(Tom Prichard & Jimmy Del Ray) who were better than the Lane & Prichard team.
2. LCD Soundsystem - "All My Friends" (from Sound of Silver on DFA) ( YouTube , iTunes ) While Silver has multiple brilliant moments (the defiant "North American Scum," the grief-stricken "Someone Great"), "Friends" seems to capture the point of the album better than any of them.
1. Two powerhouses are better than one: Kanye West and Jay Z have teamed up not only to make hits, but rake in millions, with record-selling songs and sold-out arenas.
8 Buffalo Bills : QB Geno Smith , West Virginia - Smith may not be an elite prospect or in the same class as Andrew Luck or RG3, but will still be miles better than Ryan Fitzpatrick, and the Bills should be sold on this upgrade after Smith put in a solid showing at the Combine.
7. The authors, being uninvolved in Greek education and obviously having a distaste for the hesychastic tradition, consider that they share understand the teaching of St. Gregory Palamas better than the Righteous Elder Kallinikos the Hesychast who harshly criticized the heresy and provoked the synodal condemnation of the Name-Worshippers.
ADMIRING geniuses in your field, studying their work without negative envy, just wanting to 'do the job' better, and become as good as they were or better than your adored role model, is a big part of AMBITION.
3 And those who understand it shall not sleep, But shall listen with the ear that they may learn this wisdom, And it shall please those that eat thereof better than good food.
2. Very a good player as he is , Ted is better 3. Sophisticated as the joke was, the kid understood it.
10 stops in 22 days meant lots of excursions and some in ports that do not see a lot of cruise ships-we did not have a bad excursion, just some better than others, and we booked all of ours through HAL as most of these ports More were our first time visit.
1 I know what you are thinking about going back in time with base resections but in doing these procedures with absorbable fixation, as described by Vanore, in the right patient population, I have found the results are more consistent and the reduction of the deformity is better in the short- and long-term in comparison to the other aforementioned techniques.
7. The Church is better east of the Mississippi River.
1.) The gun is pretty accurate considering how it looks (quality) 1/2" groups at 25yards with good ammo and 1.25" with so so pellets 2.) The under lever Is much better than a break barrel 3.) The but plate is very nice 4.) For the price you get a no so great assembly (some rust, lots of burs, miss alignments, trigger creep, and allot of wood ) but a good shooting gun for less than 200
2) little comments: "this is better than the mirror on our bedroom door", "I can't believe we filmed this", and "there goes all our unborn children, on my ass" 3) camera on a tripod and does not move whole time - PLUS, a bit out of position - his head it cut off part off the time
After all, a slice of Raw vegan cheesecake made with raw agave nectar is a heck of a lot better than a typical candy bar found in a convenience store or cookies made with white sugar and butter (and cooked!).
12 Habana Outpost 757 Fulton St., at S. Portland Ave., Fort Greene, Brooklyn; 718-858-9500 The popular Nolita diner Habana has a Brooklyn spinoff (next to the Lafayette Avenue C-train stop) that's even better than the original.
01.Collision (Original Mix) [08:27] 02.Rebellion (Original Mix) [06:52] 03.Flaming Dragons (Original Mix) [07:00] 04.Old School (Original Mix) [06:41] 05.Part Of Me (Original Mix) [06:09] 06.Morphosis (Original Mix) [07:15] 07.No Place Better Than Home (Original Mix) [07:08] 08.Star Traveller (Original Mix) [10:12]
2 For example, see Thomas Malone, Peter Weill, Richard Lai, et al., "Do Some Business Models Perform Better Than Others?" MIT Sloan Research Paper No. 4615-06 , May 2006. 3 For an early framework looking at "donative" vs. "commercial" nonprofits, see Henry Hansmann, "The Role of Nonprofit Enterprise," Yale Law Journal , 89, 5, April 1980.
10 year-old Xiao lives in what appears to be a pretty rural part of China and after school likes nothing better than to sneak into his grandfather's run-down crocodile park, where he has befriended a monstrous 36-foot long female crocodile that he has named Amao.
A classy, touching and fully fitting win for Justin Rose, a first-time major champ about whom people wonder which is better - his golf swing, or the way he handles life and those he encounters.
Abort forty or fifty enttlo-jrrowors of tho Htatea of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wast Virginia, Kentucky, Tonnosasco, IiTdiana and Illinois met on the 3d at the Grand Hotel, Cincinnati, ond organisod th Ohio Valley Cattle-(J rowers' Association, C. M. Cut, of Kentucky, in a letter to the President, says It Is better to have pleuro pneumonia, small pox and cholera spread ovor the United Htatos than to uffor the ravages whW-h will result from iho importation of Australian rabbits.
A few have grown toxic for me and there is always the voice that says I am being judgmental, unfair, hyper-critical, hypocritical, "I am just like them," well you know the drill...but learning to withstand that is still better than letting in the toxic stuff.
20. Greg Norman The star-crossed Norman is better remembered for his spectacular failures than his successes, but we can't overlook his 20 career PGA Tour wins and his 331 weeks spent as the world's No. 1 player in the Official World Golf Rankings.
6. Mike Schmidt, 20.6 - 16.8, 1.7, 3.4 - best 3B in MLB; top 5 player in eWOPA/eWORL; fares quite a bit worse when his record is tied to his team's record. 7. Randy Jones, 18.2 - 13.6, 3.0, 4.5 8. Catfish Hunter, 19.5 - 14.4, 2.7, 4.3 - Hunter's a bit better than Jones in eWOPA/eWORL; Jones is better in pWOPA/pWORL.
A Blue Devil team that had navigated the ACC tournament gauntlet and came out as champions was compensated with the potentially pesky Orange in Round 1? Didn't Jordan Wolf, CJ Costabile, Robert Rotanz and Co. deserve better than an Orange-tinted fate?
16 -  19 A total of 126 veterans with visual acuity in the better-seeing eye worse than 20/100 and better than 20/500 were randomly assigned to low-vision treatment (treatment group) or a waiting list and thereafter to standard therapy (control group).
Actually, of course - and who knew it better than he did! - words are symbols of the unity existing throughout the parts of one multitudinous Self, divided in this very way, perhaps, in order to effect the maximum opportunity for communication, as a tree puts forth its mulitplicity of leaves, which talk to one another when the wind moves them along.
2) If history, loyalty and intangibility (since this all just theoretical, and based on talent analysis) were not factors do you honestly think that ANY GM would prefer an older more injury prone player compared to one who is almost equal in talent already, and has the potential to be better than the formerly mentioned?
adidas Supernova Women's Wind Jacket, £50 Weight 244g The sleeves on this jacket zip off to turn it in to a gilet, and the fit is better than most convertible jackets thanks to adidas's ForMotion 3D design.
Activists don't care to hear any more lies, half- truths and spin (from R.I., Goodrich, Sellers, McKinley, or anyone else), don't believe that ALL the facts have ever been brought forward, don't believe that your "research" is infallable, and we know better than to believe that your self-serving, unionized conclusions are drawn for the benefit of the public that you "serve and protect."
12 oz elbow wheat pasta is better to use 3/4cup milk 3 - 4 tablespoons sugar or substitue cucumber 1 large tomatoe 1 large pepper salt parsely flakes cletery flakes shredded carrots (if you would like)
1) test it better than 2.6, especially including real world upgrade scenarios 2) be on heightened alert the first month after the release to respond to any blocking issues that people find 3) don't rush it - nobody will care that you released the software a week early if it doesn't work
Active recovery is simply a workout that's easier than the one that caused the soreness, and it's one you should finish feeling better than when you started.
-2 forces SSH version 2 -c aes128-cbc specifies a fast, strong cipher (better than 3DES) -x makes sure that X over SSH forwarding is disabled for this SSH connection -p specifies the non-standard TCP port number for the SSH server -l specifies a different username on the remote end than the client on the local end -f -L %L:%H:%R %G sleep 20 are defaults from the vncviewer manpage
2. It is better to book a taxi in advance through your hotel, taxi company or local travel agency.
Additionally, SheiKra's second drop through the tower is far better than Griffon's second drop towards the Loch Ness Monster.
2 nights 2 people for a total price of £64 is the best part of the story, the rest of the story is related to the price of course, however overall much better than expected, room was clean, had a nice balcony over the back road, TV and air con working, shower working basic bathroom, basic mattresses.... basic everything, but what could we expect for the price paid: for that reason I give a 4 stars.
According to the Drum Major Institute's middle-class scorecard, Congress in general failed the middle class - but congresswomen faired far better than congressmen.
2012 Olympic Basketball: Deron Williams Is Better Fit Than Chris Paul
1914!!!! Just look at the animation - it's better than what many people can do today.
ABC's "A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving" was third with 7.44 million viewers and a 2.2 demo rating, far better than ABC's normal numbers in this time slot.
Adam Lambert is a runner up but he is doing better than the winner in selling albums, Chris Daughtry had a platinum, Jennifer Hudson is even better than Fantasia who won the American Idol, and she has a grammy , an Oscar award and a steady career.
2008 Joseph Mellot Rose, much better than the Sincerite but only from a style perspective, much more dense and a again slightly sweet but elegant and well put together.
A coalition may have showed some real resistance better than the modern "I'll fight you only when it hurts me not too" attitude.
After identifying exactly which new online poker sites were out there this year, we had to take a look at the factors that make some better than others.
5. Minnesota will be better than Michigan State Minnesota coach Tim Brewster inherited a better team than new Spartans coach Mark Dantonio.
1974 International 100 Ball Joint, Front, Includes mounting hardware and ball joint boots that prevent contamination and allow debris to be flushed out when the ball joint is serviced; This high quality and direct fit OE replacement ball joint features a housing forged from fine-grain alloy steel for unequaled strength and durability, powdered-metal gusher bearings that resist wear better than conventional designs, and pressed-in cover plates to provide a solid-steering feel..
ABC's returning comedy "Less than Perfect" may be only slightly better than its title suggests, but there was even less to recommend about "Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)" (2002, ABC), "Emeril," "Holding the Baby" (1998, Fox), "Claude's Crib" (1997, USA) or "Cleghorne!" (1995-96, The WB).
2 Greg reduces a well supported discussion of how the citizen soldiers of Athena have more in common with the citizen soldiers of America ( Some of whom were shot in the face with a CS Grenade from ten feet away by a police criminal), where as the Spartan ideal is shoot the vetern in the face with tear gas grenade then kill him, to "Athenians were better than Spartans - and kind of like the modern US military."
1. the 4th 2.itachi/naruto with the nine tails 4.orochimaru 5.jiraiya 6. tsunade/gaara w the 1 tails 8.some kages 9.sasuke 10.gaara/naruto (after the special training he will be equal to or better than sasuke) 12-18.jinchuriki
A community land trust would bring together stakeholders to give close attention to specific sites (either contiguous or scattered), doing far better than any absentee landlord could to care for the property.
"13 And the hand of providence hath smiled upon you most pleasingly, that you have obtained many riches; and because some of you have obtained more abundantly than that of your brethren ye are lifted up in the pride of your hearts, and wear stiff necks and high heads because of the costliness of your apparel, and persecute your brethren because ye suppose that ye are better than they.
11 Our wines are, in fact, better than they've ever been, and while there have been some limitations on our ability to achieve an echt enological éclat, 12 we have made some real breakthroughs in our practice, to wit, the recent Cigare Volant and Cigare Blanc Réserve wines, wines that utterly knock me out for their coherence and seamlessness (this is no mean thing), but which, to my great disappointment, have been largely ignored by the wine press.
Acetal copolymer is a strong, rigid plastic that offers excellent dimensional stability, enhanced by the material's moisture and creep resistance, and maintains its properties better than acetal homopolymer when exposed to hot water, hot air, and humid environments.
#3 - Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas While based on the TV show Good Luck Charlie, this is actually much better than the crossover show.
11. Spoon - One of our favorite bands of all time, there is nothing better than seeing a band so tight, with so many incredible tracks to close out the Big Apple Stage on day 2.  We can't wait to see them again this weekend for NXNE.
6) Donald Trump's reflection in the mirror: "Look, I know Donald better than anyone else.
A9 cores ??? SD600 has krait 300 cores which is equivalent A15's and frankly , history tells that snapdragons r more powerful, stable and functional than Exynos (hello SD 800 note 3 can shoot 4k vids while exynos note 3 is still stuck on 1080p with 30 fps , not even 60 fps),,,not mention that SD galaxy s's and notes r selling alot better than the exynos versions( according to samsung)
¨10,000 days¨ was the first Tool album that was a little dissapointing for the fans and i believe there are several reasons for that, the most important one is that everyone was expecting an album that was Better and if possible SIMILAR to ¨Lateralus¨ and that is not easy to do, it did not happened, this album is not better than ¨Lateralus¨ but does that make it bad?
17 Dec IF AUSTRALIA emerge from Hobart with their first Test win of the summer it will be reward for doing the little things - rotating the strike with the bat, stifling scoring with the ball - better than Sri Lanka.
1" lift (result of swapping to a Ford 8.8" axle), super-short SYE, and a nice long driveshaft, and life is better!
1) In this deck, Fireball's primary use is as removal; you will generally get more damage from your minions and it is better to protect them.
1 Kings 19:4 But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper-tree: and he requested for himself that he might die, and said, It is enough; now, O Jehovah, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
Adolph Rupp, who has coached more than 1000 games for Kentucky since 1930, put it all in perspective for SPORT when he said over the telephone, "You may want to know that there's a 7-1 student here, Tom Payne, who just walked past my office and he may be better than all of them."
Adele and Darius Rucker: Better Than Lady Antebellum?
1 Overture 2 My Personal Property 3 Big Spender 4 Rich Man's Frug 5 The Pompeii Club 6 If My Friends Could See Me Now 7 There's Gotta Be Something Better Than This 8 It's A Nice Face 9 The Rhythm Of Life 10 Sweet Charity 11 I'm A Brass Band 12 I Love To Cry At Weddings 13 Where Am I Going?
After all, Rouse served as a top aide to former Senate majority leader Tom Daschle and understands the unique customs of the Senate better than anyone.
15. ['El' rfj xaXri yri, on the good ground) Lest such a soil should not be sown upon, it is better that some seed should be thrown away on the wayside, etc.- Y. g.J - nakr, xal ayaS^) See Matt.
1/ Note this is an Oracle forum 2/ AS your main concern is security, I think it is better to separate them into different schemas.
19...Bxa3?! 19...c5! 20.Bxa5 Qa6 21.Bxd8 Rxd8 22.Nxh6+ gxh6 23.Nc2 and black is better.
5-0 winners in the reverse fixture at the Parc des Princes in December, PSG could have pulled further in front when another route one pass, this time from Maxwell, found Lavezzi in space, but the Argentine should really have done better than to lift the ball high over the frame of the goal with Pelé bearing down on him (31').
- Adweek San Francisco cooks its recycling numbers, and other stuff about waste - Bloomberg Louisville & Little Rock are doing better than St. Louis & Memphis - St. Louis Fed Fawning but interesting profile of billionaire mathematician James Simons - NY Times
[ 152 ] Kaif's dancing ability is better appreciated, with Meena Iyer of The Times of India calling her "one of Bollywood's best dancers".
1. Again, add insights to your posts: curation is about adding context and we've seen posts with edited content perform much better than posts with simple quotations.
After all, nobody can voice something a giant broccoli monster better than the man who's won multiple Emmy Awards, an Annie, and has given us one of the best single line deliveries ever.
1 owner 1995 Oldsmobile NINETY EIGHT 98 LSS Regency Elite Supercharged Sleeper 1 Owner 1995 Oldsmobile NINETY EIGHT Superchaged 3800 Regency Elite.. ive had them all and this is better than a LSS I think more loaded and either way ...
A discriminant function analysis of data from both studies 2 and 3 showed that diagnostic category (migraine; control) could be predicted from photophobic symptoms and visual stress thresholds at a level significantly better than chance.
[00:00] Tsukasa: "You didn't think that MAYBE she thought you were calling in some kind of attack?" [00:00] Amiko: "How/!" [00:01] Sheena: (Your a magical fucking healer, Stop bring RL into this god damn it) [00:01] Caoilinn: (Do there seem to be any inns on this side of the gate?) [00:01] Tsukasa: "You didn't think a half-second to explain yourself would have suited better than just standing up and threatening her life?"
Actually, it is even better than the type found readily at a supermarket because there is not an alcohol taste!
17  For being mortal, he worketh a dead thing with wicked hands: for he himself is better than the things which he worshippeth: whereas he lived once, but they never.
6 The harm from people: The Messenger of Allah SAW said: "The Mu'min who mixes with people and remains patient on their harms, is better than the Mu'min who does not mix with people nor does he remain patient on their harms" (Narrated by Ibn Maajah and at-Tirmidhi and it is Saheeh)
A discussion of Mill's concept of liberty-and specifically his views on the contestation of ideas-is found in my book Democracy: Can't We Do Better Than That? (Banner Press, New York, 1986); see in particular Chapter 7, "Democracy and the Communist Revolution." [ back ]
4) Dawn of the Dead (2004) - Maybe the only thing Zack Snyder's Dawn remake did unequivocally better than the original was the zombie kids.
A fantastic new series, with Matt Smith being better than ever, Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill being exceptional as always, and Alex Kingston fantastic as River Song.
After a long, hard day, what's better than a Bud and The Daily News?
3. Republicans will most definitely not show the public that they are better than the Democrats by compromising their stated core beliefs in the interest of "getting something done".
2) How do we get technology to work for us in like repairing climate change: well, applying standard to China and India might help as the United States had met climate change challenges better than Europe or any other nation on any continent with only Antarctica producing less pollutants and climate change gasses per square mile than the United States and Israel.
4. Remy would be the only reliable striker 5. Collo would be in and out 6. Santon is better going forward than defending.
[ 134 ] Claire Suddath of Time magazine commented that "this offering from the reigning queen of pop music is relatively toned down and yet she still looked and sounded better than nearly everyone else at the awards."
About all pro-rel could do is in theory have better teams 16-20, except some years 16-20 might be better than the teams that replace them, or 21-24 might be spending too much and be set for a fall, or it's a fluke, or whatever.
86 Based on statements from John Baker, coauthor of the RAND report, Naomi Lubick wrote in Geotimes that "[i]t is better to keep data available in general . . .
Achievement Motivation is motivation in individual x'self referring to existence of expectancy that action which is appliance to reach result which better than result which have reached before all, competing and excelling others, overcoming barricade, and also look after the spirit learning the highness.
Active desktop calendar - Home & Personal/Clocks, Calendars & Planners ... If you are a user who is always behind and has to continuously consult a calendar to see pending tasks, then there's nothing better than to have an interactive calendar at the bottom of your desktop .Apart from the normal options of all calendars it has alarms, tasks programmer to advise at any time of what you need to do or pending appointments you have, etc.
4. "Tiger Mom" Amy Chua is out with another book - this time with husband Jed Rubenfeld - which argues that certain groups do much better than others in America.
4 Christmas decorationsShop bought Christmas decorations look good but homemade Christmas decorations look good but homemade Christmas decorations look so much better than most adult players.
(2010), is better evident in the piedmont alluvial aprons, that either outside the trunk-valleys and/or at the foothills of the major anticline ridges, are the only significant alluvial contributors to terrace formation ( e.g ., Savelli and Ballerini, 1991; Savelli et al ., 1994; Nesci et al ., 2002).
01 Overkill 02 Heart of Stone 03 Shoot You In the Back 04 The Hammer 05 Jailbait 06 America 07 Religion (I Don't Need) 08 Capricorn 09 Grind Ya Down 10 We Are the Road Crew 11 No Class 12 Bite the Bullet 13 The Chase is Better Than the Catch 14 Bomber
1995 World Champion Bull Rider Jerome Davis preferred a full laced handhold because it has less give and holds its size and shape better than the ropes that are laced 1/2 way across - usually well worth the extra money.
9 Carla C. Keirns , Better than nature: the changing treatment of asthma and hay fever in the United States, 1910-1945, Studies in History and Philosophy of Science Part C: Studies in History and Philosophy of Biological and Biomedical Sciences , 2003 , 34 , 3, 511 CrossRef
A forecast of snow is better than last years weather...tornado.
1366 still performs better than 1155 and if you buy the parts used still makes for a very viable system.
2.she's better than a cannon character in some specific area he/she's good at [ex. better in taijutsu than rock lee, smarter than L, etc.] +1
3:08 p.m.: Redskins play-action working much better than Browns, as Cousins hits Moss against Dimitri Patterson for 17 to the Browns 43.
[29] In the UK, the distinction between marriage as a religious and as a civil institution is better understood than in America, though the line between state and society is more blurry.
[0129] In an embodiment, estimating the cost of an alternative service may include a decision engine 108 for applying a normalized alternative service offering model to a normalized service usage dataset to produce a plurality of alternative service offering normalized datasets, and a ranking facility 128 for comparing the alternative service offering normalized datasets to the normalized usage dataset to determine if an alternative service offering is better than the user's current service.
About the only upgrade under the hood is the presence of lead guitarist Ralph Santolla , whose soloing is markedly better than usual axeman Allen West 's.
4/15/14 - Tomorrow night the Miami Heat will close out yet another highly successful season when they play the Philadelphia 76ers, and will hope to finish better than they began the year against the 76ers before embarking on a quest for a third straight NBA Championship.
1 - Open your own Company ( good luck with is because u need first a capital and there is 50% for you to go konkurs ) . 2 - Go to social (kommun) so they send you as praktikant here and there so maybe u will get lucky and your boss there will anstäld you ( if you are lucky of course) , if not , Then my advice to you is to stay on social, because you will get Money and this will be better than nothing.
25 February 2013 , Mark Thomas follwed up this post in the Guardian "To claim someone has 'Viking ancestors' is no better than astrology.
According to EORTC QLQ-C30 and QLQ-PAN26, the QOL of patients in Group A was much better than that of Group B, suggesting that our administration rate and dosage of GEM, that is, the medium dose-intensity, were tolerable and applicable even to patients with pancreatic cancer following major surgery.
15 current coaches I think are better than Mike Brown off the top of my head, not counting available guys like SVG, Mark Jackson, George Karl, or any of the college guys.
"After eight years of war, it's clear that domestically many [Western] political leaders are having to answer questions, this [war] has gone on a long time and it's no better than it was in 2004, so why are we maintaining it, will it get better?" he told the Financial Times on Monday.
AAPL/Iflan - As I said to Maya, I like my above AAPL trade better than cash but I do not like AAPL stock better than cash because you can only sell 10% worth of protection and that caps your gains at 10% (and we can do better with cash) and it also doesn't cover the risk of Steve Jobs catching a cold or just coughing on stage, which could cost you 20% very quickly.
According to their chart, their basic PURPLE 110 octane standard fuel would be what I should get, but I want to know, would it be a bad idea to try out the 116 octane RED maximal?? Im not totally clueless, I did read that the Maximal's description, it's for engines up to 17:1 compression and 10,000 rpm, but from lack of experience, I dont know the answer here, IS THIS ONE OF THOSE "BIGGER IS BETTER" SITUATIONS?
After defeating Baal the Prinny exclaims that he can not believe she beat the Tyrant Baal, and Etna exclaims that she is better than an Overlord and that title is now meaningless to her.
4) Inundate : Bouncing all non-blue creatures can be better than a wrath effect, or serve as a Plague Wind for three less mana, great late game finisher.
Affinity's main drawing point is the body wood, Alder, but they use low grade Alder, so the end result isn't any better than Squier's other guitars which use different, 'worse' woods, but higher-grade examples of those woods.
4) While not ever being near America, I got the feeling that they could use all that money better than putting it on something like nuclear weapons, Star Wars (not the movie, silly), Star Wars II or what ever was that what Bush junior was doing, that extra 18 billion dollars for army and small things like Nasa.
1) He shoots a mid-range jumper very well (or at least better than Cousins has).
2011 World Series Game 1 Recap: Rangers Will Not Sweep - Magic Number: 4.  Is this better than a year ago?
After all, it's better than plastics for the high-minded yet somewhat practical graduate, and it comes with a six-week extension of dorm living.
[0176] TABLE 1 also illustrates the performance of a spring made of Carbon/Epoxy composite material which was found to perform even better than the Glass/Epoxy composite material.
10 Furthermore, nearly four out of five consumer respondents who purchased laundry detergent or salty snacks in the past six months believe that store brand quality is the same as or better than national brands (80 percent of laundry detergent and 78 percent of salty snack respondents).
A darker roux has, as you can imagine, more complex flavor but is better suited for a robust New Orleans-style gumbo than a delicate, light cream sauce.
A 99% success rate with quick slants is better than the 60% of JC17 Alex Smith, spread system QB extrodinaire and huge investment given a second chance.
2012-2014 - Commercial: Oshawa Hallowe'en Parade - Music video: Just in Time - The Devil's Guitar - Music video: Double Eyelid - Dead is Better - Music video: Imaan Faith - Going in Circles - Short film: The Great Maldini by Lee Ventura, screened at Toronto International Film Festival - Short film: The Borough by Anthony Chambers, screened at Toronto Independent Film Festival - Short film: Soul Mates! by Rob Tari - Live: CBC for Reaper's Mansion haunted house - Live for CityTV
1) Norman (Turkey) Stearnes, born May 1901 [CF] NL 1923-1941 (19) Best Major League Comp: Stan Musial Comment: Stearnes was better than his Negro League contemporary Mule Suttles in every way except power.
16 oz/453g of good quality bread flour (I have yet to find bread flour better than Morbread by Pendleton Mills in Oregon, for the home baker)
13  What, would he claim knowledge of divine secrets, give himself out as the son of God? 14  The touchstone, he, of our inmost thoughts; 15  we cannot bear the very sight of him, his life so different from other men's, the path he takes, so far removed from theirs! 16  No better than false coin he counts us, holds aloof from our doings as though they would defile him; envies the just their future happiness, boasts of a divine parentage.
2 1/2 tbsp ghirardelli hazelnut hot chocolate, 15g of mini marshmallows then slide in 1 Ghirardelli's Dark Chocolate/Sea Salt Square in and when you get to the end, that last drink is better than sex baby!
A community of "poor" people is better able to show solidarity with the poor and to point to the very heart of evangelization because it concretely presents the transforming power of the Beatitudes.
"A better educated workforce is a more productive one, so helping students achieve more education is better for people in the here and now as well as better for our long-term economic future."
Admitting a small flaw now will probably look better than being found to have been economical with the truth later, or just looking undefinably unreliable, especially with the "what we've done and/or plan to do" part.
Adding boceprevir to peginterferon and ribavirin treatment of people with hepatitis C (genotype 1) worked significantly better than using peginterferon and ribavirin alone.
According to an article in Der Spiegel , Britain's pound is in deep trouble and massive consumer debt in the UK has been whitewashed to look, well...better than it really is.
Adam discussed Cal Poly's yellow light speech code rating , making the school better than most in terms of policies , according to FIRE's latest report -while Cal Poly's many free speech controversies and violations in practice  make Cal Poly far below average.
Aaron McNew, who also had input to the design and evaluation, took it to the range and tested it, and even with its initial shortcomings, it was much better than the current TTP (tactics, techniques and procedures) we employed.
2015: Lizard Man - 9/10 Ninjor - 8.5/10 Huntara - 7.5/10 Snake Armor He-Man vs. 200x King Hssss - 7/10 Oo-Larr (sub exclusive) - 7/10 (didn't want a naked He-Man, but he turned out better than expected) Castle Grayskull Blueprint Map - 7/10 Skeletor's Hover Bots - 6/10
1. Taking good quality photos of a cluster of local shops/bars/restaurants - dusk/dawn type or focal length stunning pics 2. Uploading them via Google Local to their Places page - they are better than the Google maps photo so they get approved 3. The photos of their Places links to my Google Plus profile photo page - that's automatic and how G+ local pics works 4. Invite click through visitors of those pics my photographic services
A Ford Transit van isn't better than a Ford Focus just because it's bigger you know - some people (most in fact) will want the Focus.
[57] Nodal further explained that auction volume is awarded to participants at the same price and at a price equal to or better than the participants' auction order.
Activity Based Costing methods are also used to evaluate specific activities within an organization to determine whether those activities are being conducted efficiently, whether those activities are necessary, whether other groups within your organization are performing those activities better than others, whether certain materials or tools help your organization complete those activities more efficiently, etc.
Actually one of the principles our nation was founded upon was the "double standard" that while other nations refused to allow religious freedom we were better than that.
13 March, 2005 · The "Noble" Koran Online ·   It is better not to listen to the liberal media or Islamic apologists.
21, 22, 23 BIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER BEFORE 14 People--New Plays--New Vaudeville--New Scenery--A Real Show Clean, Moral and Refined--For Ladies, Gentlemen and Children Opening Play 'Si Haskins' A Rural Comedy Drama Full of Cordedy'and Heart Interest PRICES:-- 25c and 35c Regular Run of Pictures in Conjunction With the Show 13ILE 3ASH R1110VES About Crouip.
23" was the best of the ones ABC let critics see in advance, and probably better than last week's show (which needed at least 20% more Kiernan Shipka).
Accordingly, the elites think America is little better than Nazi Germany and desperately search for parallels.
A conceptualization of why such an exposure to bright light would stabilize the entrainment to night shift work and daytime sleep is better understood with reference to the mathematical model of the circadian oscillator, described in greater detail below.
33.        Insertion of the formula "Prayer is better that sleep" in the call to the dawn prayer.
67 (2010) conducted an asphalt shingle damage survey in Texas after Hurricane Ike and Gustav in 2008 and found that homes with newer (less than 5 years old) shingle installations performed significantly better than older shingle roofs (greater than 5 years old), although it was not certain if age or changes to the building code aro und 2002 was the cause.
2004-09-23 01:27 ------- Hi Vadim I've implemented your first 4 suggestions, that's exactly the kind of feedback I was hoping for :) IIUC the check to see if the Java files have already been generated that you suggested is currently implemented in the ClientBindingGenerator, maybe this decision is better handled by the WebServiceLoader?
05.24.2010 - A 55-year-old reel-to-reel Ampex tape recorder, a single microphone and three historic recording sites were John Mellencamp's tools for making his new album, "No Better Than This," which is due out Aug. 17 -- seven weeks after he releases a retrospective box set, "On the Rural Route 7609."
(1) Although better than the sub-Saharan Africa average of 15.5 doctors/ 100 000 population and 73.4 nurses/100 000 population, these figures are lower than those in comparable developing countries (India, Korea, Singapore and Vietnam), which have 106.3
20"House of Pain / A Grim Prophecy / Mandy Bites Dog"July 2, 2004House of Pain - Lord Pain, from the Plain of Eternal Suffering, visits our dimension hoping to find his master: Grim.A Grim Prophecy - In this non-canon short set in the Stone Age, a child version of Grim has his terrible future predicted by a cave witch.Mandy Bites Dog - In an attempt to prove that her dog is better than Mindy's, Mandy replaces Saliva by Grim's dog, Cerberus.
Abstract Better Than Concrete: Implications for the Psychological and Neural Representation of Concrete Concepts Sarah D. Breedin Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Department of Neurology, Temple University Eleanor Saffran , Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Department of Neurology, Department of Speech-Language-Hearing, Temple University H. Branch Coslett , Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Department of Neurology, Temple University
1) Get an image, any image, of a bird seen for the first time 2) Try to get better images of a bird already photographed 3) Finally capture that "OMG I can't expect to do better than that" image that all photographers dream of.
50/50 when possible is better for the kids anyway as the whole maternal instinct thing is a bs myth that science has never been able to prove anyway.
A Burgundy wine tasting and I was not invited..they do call me Mr. Pinot...you could have least let me smell them down the phone.I drank a Musigny Joseph Drouhin 2000 last year which was perhaps a little better than your 2000..which is a highly rated vintage..and it still needed to fill out...it was missing that 'UMPHF' in the middle flavour.
[ 94 ] Mark Rahner of The Seattle Times wrote that, "The relaunch of Marvel's green goliath is an improvement over director Ang Lee's ponderous 2003 Hulk in nearly every way - except that the actual Hulk still looks scarcely better than something from a video game, and he still barely talks".
5 Thunderbird Add-Ons That Will Make it Better Than Gmail I keep gravitating back to Thunderbird , because of all email clients it really ... to two accounts, so in Thunderbird I receive duplicate emails .
28)Billy Pierce - don't see him as being better than Bridges 29)Addie Joss - ERA/+ and WHIP are great, but why so little black ink? 30)Pete Browning 31)Charley Jones - he got the shaft - but I am not convinced as to what extent.
7-38 " Mana  " better than "god" or "spirit" may express that with which the partaker in the communal feast originally sought contact.
1."Just Between You and Me" April Wine 2."Rosealia" Better Than Ezra 3."Rush" Big Audio Dynamite 4."Black Metallic" Catherine Wheel 5."Brim Full of Asha" Cornershop 6."Southern Cross" Crosby, Stills + Nash 7."Keep Hope Alive" The Crystal Method 8."TNT for the Brain" Enigma 9."Sit Down" James 10. "Fool in the Rain" Led Zeppelin
3Gurus PLUS Webinar Subject: Option Strategies That Are Working Right Now Description : As markets ebb and flow, and particularly as volatility rises and falls, certain option strategies work better than others.
%0 Journal Article %A Finkelstein, Noah %A Adams, Wendy %A Keller, C. J. %A Kohl, Patrick B. %A Perkins, Katherine %A Podolefsky, Noah S. %A Reid, Sam %A LeMaster, Ron %D October 6, 2005 %T When learning about the real world is better done virtually: A study of substituting computer simulations for laboratory equipment %J Phys.
1. Rudy Gay- His talent is undeniable, I still think he should be better than he is, but I've always loved his game ever since UCONN, I think a trade will wake him up.
2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Does not Does not meet Cannot be Better than Designated area meet primary secondary classified national standards standards standards ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- New Jersey-New York-Connecticut Interstate AQCR......... ............ ............ ............ X Metropolitan Philadelphia Interstate AQCR............... ............ ............ ............ X New Jersey Intrastate AQCR.............................. ............ ............ ............ X Northeast Pennsylvania-Upper Delaware Valley Interstate AQCR: The Township of Harmony............................. X X ............ ............
5. Charlie Bennett, C. Having been the biggest FOCB, sorry to see him drop a little, but his offense wasn't really THAT much better than Jack Clements.
6. Eugene Monroe, T, Virginia: He's another tackle who is better as a pass protector than blocking for the run.
1) The NHL does a few things better than the other big-league sports, and one of them is the post-series handshake, one of the coolest things in sports, still.
4. it is better that a much smaller human population survive indefinitely with some reasonable level of technology and civilization rather than allowing human overshoot to destroy the environment and its capability to support a complex biodiversity by continuing this consumption and population binge we are now on;
[0027] As for tank hygiene, the SH diet was rated better than the standard.
9.32am: British retail sales numbers just out - much better than expected and the first bit of good news retailers have had for some time.
419 points out: "For those traveling on the Blue/Orange Line the walk to Capitol South might be better than L'Enfant, so as to possibly grab a seat on the train before it hits the train-changing station crunch at L'Enfant."
2. It is better for him that a great millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were cast into the sea then that he should offend one of these little ones, ( a new Christian)? 3. Take heed to yourselves: if thy brother trespass against thee, reguke him, and if he repent., forgive him.
According to a study by the University of Vermont released in March 2011 on the city's current and possible tree canopy, the city's overall canopy was a little better than previously thought, at 20 percent, and the goal of 30 percent coverage was deemed within reach (the city's tree canopy has been as high as 40 percent going back 40-50 years).
After all a lawyer who goes to a cheap law school is not that much better than a lawyer, like Abraham Lincoln, who went to no law school.
Actually, the Viva resists rust better than some of its contemporaries (and I am not referring to Fiats and other Italians).
4. Batman was better than TDK.
(1) The writer does not mean that the best taste of America is better than that of England; perhaps it is not quite so good; but, as a whole, the American reading world requires better books than the whole of the English reading world.
27. yeah the gift shop used to be way better than the museum
AC Milan president Silvio Berlusconi believes teenager M'Baye Niang is better than Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli.
Actually, I'm pretty sure Mark Harrison is not better than Denarius Moore or James Jones, or even Andre Holmes at this point in time.
According to Harry Mills (in the Rainmaker's Toolkit , page 95): " Research shows: The chances of selling to an existing client are better than 1 in 2. The chances of selling to a lost client are 1 in 3. The chances of successfully selling to a fresh prospect are 1 in 8."
16. Home Alone 2 - I don't want to give away future entries on this list, but this is an instance where my hard, fast rule that sequels are always better than the original is not true - although, it is very close.
18-22) the two examples are combined in order to connect the sufferings with the glory; and to show that Christ's glorious triumph which followed was the reason why it is better to suffer here, and now.
(17-for-45) in 11 games in interleague play vs. the American League...batted out of the No. 2 spot in the order 53 times, the No. 4 spot once, the No. 5 spot 24 times, the No. 6 spot 67 times and the No. 7 hole three times...hit better than .300 in 3 straight months with a .333
8. Apparently Senate Banking Committee Chairman and former Presidential candidate Chris Dodd got special treatment on his home loan from Countrywide (though he denies knowing he was getting anything better than anyone else.)
After all, Pirates of the Carribean 2 was obviously better than Apocalypse Now, The Godfather, Rushmore, Full Metal Jacket, 2001, Pierrot le Fou, Manhattan, Annie Hall, or basically any other movie ever.
1053: I'm thinking today could be a big day for Graeme Swann - Nathan Hauritz, Michael Clarke and Simon Katich were getting a bit of tweak yesterday, and Swanny's better than all of that lot put together.
Absolutely brilliant book, better than the film but the film itself is still beautiful, the book tells a story from a horses perspective which makes this so beautiful, it creates a connection between you and black beauty!
5. But you will say it is better to believe that the Apostle Paul wrote what was not true , than to believe that the Apostle Peter did what was not right.
1st DOCTOR: He's a renegade; no better than that villain down there.
A deleted scene, "Alfred's Lost Love," changes the relationship between Bruce's manservant and Barbara, and is better left deleted, as it added nothing to the film.
1. Kevin Garnett-he's just obnoxious 2. Vince Carter- still arrogant despite being trash now 3. James Harden- the beard is just corny to me 4. Jeremy Lin- nice guy...but a fraud 5. Tyler Hansborrough - douche 6. Reggie Evans- fake tough guy 7. Brandon Jennings- thinks he's better than he is 8. Tyrus Thomas- waste of talent 9. Channing Frye- dubbed our future franchise player 10.
1 cube margarine, softened 1 cup peanut butter, Jif 2 cups powdered sugar 1 cup Rice Krispies 1 - 12 oz pkg chocolate chips 1-2 tbsp parafin (you will find it in the canning area of your grocery store) toothpicks (square is better than round)
A better than expected corn yield for parts of Indiana was reported the crop tour yesterday evening which likely trigger a slight amount of profit taking after this week's rally.
11) Portland: Still looking for that point guard upgrade, but if Spurs aren't willing to move Tony Parker, hard to find one out there that's a) available and b) better than Andre Miller.
19- I think that life in a farm is much better than in the city.
2 - When I want to do cheesy mashed potato balls this actually works better than using real mash!
[ 27 ], and both of the results indicated that the S-G technique performs better than the A-G and D-L techniques in terms of RMSE under different noise levels.
256 kids in freezing Scotland in April is a small and not that representative a sample size, but the fact that there's not one to be seen makes it for my money better than the evidence cited by the two US organisations, which was flawed in a number of ways.
17 Responses to "MINING CEDS' DATA REVEALS DEVASTATING PICTURE THAT IS THE CITY OF PITTEFIELD, plus, PUBLIC EMPLOYEES HAVE IT BETTER THAN WORKERS IN DREADED PRIVATE SECTOR"
About 'Sushma'(Hindi) and 'Shama'(Urdu) i will like to tell you that i have never read short stories in any other magazine better than those published in these,specially in 'Shama'.
7 years - Handles knives, forks, spoons better than they did at age six although may still use fingers to push food onto fork; liable to pop up from table to see something outside but much more able to sit still than at age six; may participate a bit in conversation at the table or may be silent; may bring the toys he or she was just playing with to the table.
admire your spirit and in some ways agree,however surley you can,t be happy with what your seeing or listening too,every match now is an ordeal,i,m not the only one,to voice concern,do we not deserve better than this.
Academics, prominently including Burton Malkiel, author of A Random Walk Down Wall Street, have posited that professional money managers do no better than dart-throwing monkeys.
(3) If you're still going to insist on the "can't be more than five" idea, I think Jim Woodring is one of the living gods of comics, but I find it hard to believe there are five people out there with any claim to aesthetic judgment who think Jim's (charming, hilarious) SIMPSONS story was better than Jaime's story, and I'm pretty sure Jim would agree in a heartbeat.
1984) 74/20/24/8 (27%) The horse known as 'Super' is the best handicap miler we've ever produced - better than Tobin Bronze who won a Doncaster with 59.5 and a Toorak with 62.5kgs respectively.
After François-Pierre de Rigaud de Vaudreuil's 1757 winter raid on Fort William Henry (also called Fort George; now Lake George, N.Y.), he informed the minister that had Vaudreuil offered him the command he would gladly have accepted, "but," he went on, "I could not have done better than he did.
10.Bashaun Breeland....Might be too big in size for a cb, while better than where I rank him I see this guy as injury prone.
1. Lower to the ground 2. Adjustable vents in lowers 3. Lighter Clutch 4. Lighter forks that are easier to service 5. Reduced effort throttle 6. Lighter steering 7. New stereo which is "better in some respects..."
2009 Baudry, Chinon Rosé : "A spring day, low humidity, clear skies, 70 degrees, sun warmed skin, a light breeze that has a slight chill to it; 'hard to feel better than this" - crystalline flavors, vary pale, bone-dry, 13% alcohol, $18.25 delivered to your door - exquisite.
[0203] If the factor weights are chosen properly, a classifier operating on a small number of factors may provide accuracy equivalent or better than a similar classifier using the original high-dimensional feature vector--and at a fraction of the computation and storage cost.
4. Various high profile sceptics like Alan Jones understand science and research better than the scientific community: while the scientists put caveats of uncertainty around complex models, the confidence in which such sceptics refute the research seems to confirm their superiority; and
3) Another team that needs to wary of a post-Christmas hangover is Memphis, who hosts an Oral Roberts team that's better than its 5-6 record would indicate.
Actually, Venus is better for roasting.
2 chicken breasts 2 c brown rice 5 c water 1-2 tsp better than boullion (chicken base, or you can use 2 cans of chicken broth instead of water) 3 carrots, chopped 1 onion, chopped 3 stalks celery, chopped 2 tbsp olive oil onion powder garlic powder salt and pepper 1 c shredded mozzarella 1/2 c shredded parmesan cheese breadcrumbs for topping
19: Provided the development coordinator has a medium at least as good as the Internet, and knows how to lead without coercion, many heads are inevitably better than one.
19 Votto Navy 2010 All Star Jerseys[/url] a whole lot of people who find life a precious gift will care for him until his leg is better and he can fend for himself.
(8 months and 6100 miles)Ihave owned BMW's for years.I like it much better than my 2001 M5 or my 2002 M3.The closest thing to my V was a lovely 2000 540 with sport pkg and Dinan mods including super charger.The V reminds me of my teen years ( 1950's) when Caddies were the best looking,best built ,fastest sedans and coupes around.No ,it is not as fast as an M5 or E55 Amg, but it is a much better daily driver.Thanks to GM for a great car
2. 10 lbs. of corn meal 3. 5 lbs. of oats 4. 20 lbs of rice (white rice stores better than brown rice) 5. 12 lbs of pasta 6.  20 lbs of beans (pinto beans are usually packed in heavier quantities) 7. 5 lbs of mixed beans (lentils, mixed bean soup, black beans, etc) 8. 5 lbs of sugar 9. 2 lbs of salt (this is a multipurpose prep item, click here for more information ).
1. Dwight Howard realizes playing in Houston isn't so bad, as the team around him is much better than the team he'd have in Brooklyn, especially if Deron Williams signs with the Rockets, who he'd have to consider if DH12 considers staying put.
(1 is mostly a wargamer, the other more into co-ops and euros) I already started developing some solo rules for it that seem to work out better than just randomizing.
1000% MORE EXCITING THAN YOURS, at least I dont want to throw personal insults at unknown people trying to make out they are something that isn"t true,but then again we don"t expect anything any better than what you morons do.cheers
#17 of 21: By Mark (June 16, 2005 08:57 PM) I love the College World Series, and it's even better when the Huskers are in it, and even better than that when they look like a team that can win it all.
2)What is the first pro tennis match you remember watching as a kid? 3)Which city is better in your opinion: Dallas or San Antonio?
16 years in the making My broken heart What was yours for the taking Well you took it alright,  you wore it and then you just You tore it all apart With your eyes so Kind of Heaven like When you were better than you could ever be And your hands
According to the New York Sun, Hillary "endorsed" a protest placard that blamed George Bush for the 9/11 attacks: Mrs. Clinton concluded her remarks yesterday by saying, "We are better than this," and lamenting the "disgraceful treatment of the people left behind in the Gulf Coast."
10.15 hrs from St. Goarshausen Market Square (not station) Bus 595 10.27 hrs at Loreley Parking (better than Visitor Center to climb on the rock!) (1.45 EUR pp standard fare / 5.90 EUR Day pass for parties 3 upto 5)
Aces are worth either 1 or 11, whichever is better in the Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
2. Need for drama : The Atlantic's Robert Wright correctly predicted a Romney comeback narrative based on the media's need for drama and guessed that a better-than-expected debate performance might be the mechanism.
22.00 USD OutOfStock /Clothing/Apparel/View All /Clothing/Collections /Sale /Sale/Sale View All /Clothing/Apparel/Sale /Clothing/Collections/Sporty Chic /Clothing/Collections /Clothing/Collections /Clothing/Collections/Mother's Day Sale /Clothing/Apparel/Sale Scuba Legging Better than your average wetsuit, the Karen Kane scuba legging is soft and slimming.
10 reasons O'Hare Airport is better than Midway
Actually a +3% primal/+Xs Clickstorm duration can be better than a +4% primal because of Clickstorms interaction with Juggernaut and Vaagur due to less chance of losing a Juggernaut combo due to extending Clickstorm duration closer to the CD time of Clickstorm.
9. Kylie Minogue- the morons wish that she gets cancer for saying that Madonna is better than Lady Flopga
32 And the Lord shall return his blood upon his own head, because he murdered two men, just and better than himself: and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing it, Abner the son of Ner, general of the army of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, general of the army of Juda.
110% with you on this---everything is better when the Sox are playing well....sun shines a bit brighter, pool is colder, beer tastes better....you name it baseball has, and always will be a huge part of my summer, for better or worse
2012 4. Arian Foster , Texans running back Why he matters: Sure, Matt Schaub is capable of throwing for a lot of yards, but the Texans' success for the near term hangs on defense and ball control, and nobody controls the ball better than the Foster - Earl Campbell incarnate in terms of substance, if not style - we've seen the last two seasons.
Additional revisions to these recommendations for antiviral treatment should be expected as the epidemiology and clinical presentation of novel influenza A (H1N1) virus infection is better understood.
Admittedly, trying to discern humanness amongst the mayhem of first-person shooter battlefields is far too nuanced for Turing's conversational vision (where one would hope that humans could score better than 41.4 humanness).
--2005 Toyota Camry, four- cylinder engine: Showed virtually no variance between unleaded and either of the E10 blends, but both E10 blends performed better than straight unleaded.
After bed adjustment, the cutting kerf at optimal power/feedrate is approx 0.2mm... should still be able to get better than that.
A big hourglass or even a pear shape is better than a smaller apple or potato shape.. the Mae west look really turns my crank.
4. Girinsky T, Pichenot C, Beaudre A, Ghalibafian M, Lefkopoulos D: Is intensity-modulated radiotherapy better than conventional radiation treatment and three-dimensional conformal radio- therapy for mediastinal masses in patients with Hodgkin's dis- ease, and is there a role for beam orientation optimization and dose constraints assigned to virtual volumes?
10:28, I'd love to see Dreier stuck with a public defender from the public defender's office (although its attorneys are generally better than a large percentage of private attorneys in New York City) and understand the argument that the victims' money shouldn't be used to fund his defense, but on the other hand, do you want your tax dollars to be spent funding his defense, because that's what happens if he gets a PD.
Actually im loving this version much better than the show version...I hope you do good with the Daemon arc...they kinda totally flopped that in the show since he really only showed up in one or two episodes then never appeared again...I mean...ITS A SIN LORD.
About 82 percent of retailers surveyed by the Florida Retail Federation said they expect Christmas sales this year to be the same or better than last year, a report released Monday by the industry group said.
2. Jake Long SR OT Michigan Left tackle who is not quite Joe Thomas but is better than Levi Brown.
16 year old Kimmie Meissner may have finished 6th at the Olympics, but she did considerably better than that at Worlds, outskating Fumie Suguri and Sasha Cohen to win the gold and $45,000.
A Better Tourist Trap (30) - Build an Aerodrome and a Seven-star hotel in a single mission Better Than Tenements (30) - Have a Ziggurat with 50 families as tenants Capo Di Tutti Capi (20) - Renovate your Palace Going Green (20) - Build 4 Bio Farms and 4 Organic Ranches in a single mission Heaven On Earth (20) - Build a Diamond Cathedral before 1990 Office Space (30) - Have a Babel Tower with 50 employees
8.10 is greater than 7 so Ubuntu must be much better than Windows 7. Though I'm not sure if I should switch to Solaris -- it is in version 10 already, so it must be superior.
1 lb. of ground beef            1 large can of crushed tomatoes            1 large can of tomato paste            1 medium onion            2 cloves of crushed garlic            1 teaspoon each of basil, oregano and parsley (fresh is better if you have            any left in the garden)            1 package of Swiss cheese, 12 oz or 16 oz            16 oz carton of small curd cottage cheese            16 oz package of no yolk egg noodles broad, cooked, rinsed and drained            Salt and pepper to taste            Parmesan Cheese shredded
25 At the end of this period, the active soy moisturizer was statistically better than the vehicle in improving mottled pigmentation, blotchiness, dullness, fine lines, skin tone, and appearance.
01.Shine 02.Wherever We Go 03.The Mission 04.Something Beautiful 05.Blessed Be Your Name 06.Stay Strong 07.B Stage Medley: 08.Not Ashamed, Reality, Love Liberty Disco, 09.Amazing Love 10.Entertaining Angels 11.He Reigns 12.Breakfast 13.Your Love Is Better Than Life 14.Drum Solo 15.I Am Free 16.Peter's Testimony
48 posted on 02/05/2004 11:11:42 AM PST by Ursus arctos horribilis ("It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees!" Emiliano Zapata 1879-1919)
06. Alfie (2004) A remake that's much better than it gets credit for being (with a delicious parade of underused and talented actresses including TFE favorites Marisa Tomei and Jane Krakowski ) probably because it's difficult for people to feel much sympathy for the devil when he looks like Jude Law and his playboy luck starts running out.
3.) mario- better than joey 4.) joey- oh man..compared to everyone else buddy i think it's your time to go.
a dark rich mysterious beautiful bottled midnight pioson is all about, very nicelly done 100 times better than its classic poison, cant stand the classic poison.this is awesome and a little not to sweet deep rich fragrance.
2. Perimeter defense: Michigan State, Baylor and North Carolina all beat Kentucky by shooting better than 47 percent from the field.
..Additionally, Angio-Seal performed better than Perclose in exhibiting a superior 30-day patient satisfaction and patient assessment of wound healing with less discomfort...
...absolutely amazing...better than sex although there was always a willing female waiting for me :) ......those were the days.[/quote]
1 -- ECW champion MATT HARDY vs. MARK HENRY (w/Tony Atlas):  I was honestly expecting better than this because of their recent TV match  that occurred- where they put on a good solid match.
[15] This decision caused our men to split into two factions: those who, remembering the brave deeds of Ajax, thought that no one was better than he; and those who favored Ulysses.
10) Phil is a genius, we are just resting up 9) Lakers can turn it one like a light switch, they are soooo much better than everyone else 8) Winning is so boring.
18:36 - What does AJ McCarron need to do for the Tide to win? 22:25 - Why college football is better than the NFL 25:20 - Johnny Manziel and Floyd Mayweather 26:48 - Will Manziel be content to sit in the pocket and throw?
9Thou art slave to fate, chance, kings, and desperate men, 10And dost with poison, war, and sickness dwell; 11And poppy or charms can make us sleep as well 12And better than thy stroke; why swell'st thou then?
00:43 The ending Neve 00:43 Oh hello Cleric 00:43 At least Man of Steel is better than Superman Returns 00:43 Man of Steel was bullshit.
2) LWW said so in The Star - 2008 could be their last year before retiring, they decided to be more relaxed, LWW said did them good in terms of results - although they failed in AE Semis(as usual,due to CTF being nervous), they performed better than they would if they were under pressure.
9:08 PM Jack O'Brien - The first question btw: I WILL ASK BOTH OF YOU: WHY IS YOUR (ECONOMIC BAILOUT) PLAN BETTER THAN HIS?
10.Steve Grimmet Band - Personal Crisis (88%) Spealing of evolution, Steve Grimmet is back, and better than ever.
5. David Hazeltine - The Classic Trio Meets Eric Alexander (Sharp Nine) When it comes to the hard bop mainstream, no one does it better than pianist David Hazeltine.
A better than average entry in the old "dark stormy night with a mysterious animalistic killer" genre, The Bat Whispers marked director Roland West's second take on the popular play, a contemporary of other similar films and stage works like The Cat and the Canary .
A friend who knew him well for forty years said "no man knew better than Andrew Jackson when to get into a passion and when not." James Parton commented that Jackson's anger was "a Scotch-Irish anger.
8 Are you better than Thebes,      situated on the Nile,      with water around her? The river was her defense,      the waters her wall.
5. Great Q & A comic, I hope Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is even better than the other books.
A 1lb package of drive cost me better than $100 if I remember correctly( I bought it last year and tried it...mixed results).
[5cd] Through your own mental power and aid long may we look upon the Sun; [6ab] And make us better than we are.
440 stainless steel is durable and can be resharpened several times before giving way, some people will argue that surgical steel is better because it's much much sharper however it's just that much more fragile.
1) Do not confuse TFA's desire to improve their teachers to the point where every study and survey shows they are on par or performing at levels better than traditional teachers as arrogance.
According to the theory, 7 the attributes of innovations that impact on their uptake are the extent to which they are (A) perceived to be better than existing programmes or practices; (B) consistent with the existing values, past experiences and needs of people targeted by it; (C) perceived to be easy (or difficult) to understand and use; (D) able to be tested or trialled by potential adopters; and (E) have clearly visible benefits to others.
1. Nothing is better than eternal happiness.
ADDitude magazine has also been quite helpful with posting articles explaining there is nothing "wrong" with the ADHD mind, and that Neurotypical people are not "better" than people with ADHD, it's just that 90% of the population does not have ADHD and the general public/social norms are not designed to understand and/or accommodate to the 10% of us that never lack creativity and enthusiasm (for things that are awesome, not for things that are boring!).
A clear sign that they don't understand what is required is if the independent testing team is asking for a detailed requirements specification, an indication that they're planning on doing confirmatory testing which is better suited for whole team testing.
A1. 5@265, 4@275 for the rest of the sets A2. 5,5,4,4,5 B. 7@35/hand, 7@40/hand, 7@45/hand, 5@50/hand - tempo was a little too fast for the first 2 sets C. Subbed anchored swiss ball situps - 4:04 - better than last week
After all these seasons, and all these Santino wannabes doing their lame Tim Gunns (nobody will ever do it better than Santino, not even Tim Gunn himself), Jonathan made Michael Kors his own.
1) Alabama won by 3 last year 2) Tennessee's offense is better this season 3) Alabama's defense is worse than last seson 4) The games in Knoxville instead of Tuscaloosa Winner: Tennessee
2008 was a fairly disappointing year for new anime compared with the previous two years, a lot of shows that were merely average, and the few titles that stood out as better than the usual run of moe-blobbery and wacky hi-jinks had some other things in common : slow and erratic subbing, and little if any likelihood of ever getting an official English language release.
1. Convincing the publisher that your submissions are better than what's coming in the slush and that working with you is easier than working directly with the author.
Aaron, the shows the style of the video but the riding scenes shows each trick really well - better than most videos.
25. Jimi Hendrix - "All Along The Watchtower" I'm not one of those people who think that everyone else does Bob Dylan 's songs better than he does, I love Dylan.
A few of these palaces fascinated me when I came to them fresh; the Krupp guns were better than anything on the Midway.
2007: The Red Sox were 54 WAR -- their 96 wins were actually an underachievement -- and basically every pitcher pitched better than replacement (with the exception of Eric Gagne and Julian Tavarez, who were slightly below).
3) Write better lyrics - I know most fans don't listen to DC for the lyrics, but they've got to do better than "I look at my watch to find out the right time of day, look at her libido hey, hey, hey!" Every album until FOTW had lyrics you didn't feel stupid belting out.
$2.00 Ready Sept. 2nd Frank H. Spearman's Red Hot Western Romance Laramie Holds the Range Laramie is better even than Whisper- ing Smith and Nan of Music Mountain, - the best thing of the kind in years and years.
After all is Tom Dwan better than Phil Ivey?
1. Beloved 2. Better than David 3. The Model of Perfect.
[0171] The most intimate mixtures of active ingredient and functional excipients are obtained by dissolving all materials in water or suitable organic solvents or mixtures thereof and subsequent spray drying, as this results in molecular dispersions in some cases amorphous active ingredient is obtained, which is better soluble than crystalline material.
A bad day in shorts and a T-shirt is better than a good day in a suit, I always say.
Accountant Phil Hamill said: "Everything went much better than expected and we were able to complete our accounts on time and receive an unqualified opinion.
17 Wei Zhang , Liqiong Wang , Lei Wang , Gang Li , Aoshuang Huang , Ping Yin , Zhenhua Yang , Changquan Ling , Lingtai Wang , Liver Stiffness Measurement, Better than APRI, Fibroindex, Fib-4, and NBI Gastroscopy, Predicts Portal Hypertension in Patients with Cirrhosis, Cell Biochemistry and Biophysics , 2015 , 71 , 2, 865 CrossRef
Added Voinovich: "We're better than Japan, we're better than England, we're better than China, we're better than Germany, Canada, France, India, Brazil, Egypt... Need I say more?"
A Cuban research group documented anamu's antimicrobial properties in vitro against numerous pathogens, including Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus, Pseudomonas, and Shigella and, interestingly enough, their crude water extracts performed better than any of the alcohol extracts.
[29] well, they had to choose something besides dark blue (last year's july 4th hat), so a non-offensive, cheery red to go with the red, white and blue NY wasn't the worst choice (and much better than the army fatigue padres uniform or a darker (more blood-like) red (especially on memorial day)).
19. "Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company."
According to Radar , Tiger Woods and mistress Rachel Uchitel had "crazy Ambien sex," which is better than understated, sober sex because you are in this Ambien haze the whole time.
A $500 loan initially costs customers about $110 in Texas compared to only $55 in Florida and $65 in Oklahoma, where the industry is better regulated, said Ann Baddour, a policy analyst for Texas Appleseed, part of a coalition of secular nonprofits and religious groups that advocate stronger rules and lower-cost credit options.
Actor Humphrey Bogart, best known for "Here's looking at you, kid," also said, "A hot dog at the park is better than a steak at the Ritz," according to the window at Campbell Street Hot Dogs 'N' More.
18. Depeche Mode: Vince Clarke, Dave Gahan and Andrew Fletcher learned an important lesson shortly after forming their synthpop group in Basildon, England, in the late '70s: Most things sound better in French, and anything is better than the mind-numbingly boring Composition of Sound .
[3] :402 Daniil Lunts was characterized by Viktor Nekipelov as "no better than the criminal doctors who performed inhuman experiments on the prisoners in Nazi concentration camps ."
1 Taylor Swift - Mine 9,481 2 Taylor Swift - Back To December 6,419 3 Taylor Swift - Speak Now 5,707 4 Taylor Swift - Sparks Fly 5,419 5 Taylor Swift - Mean 4,849 6 Taylor Swift - Enchanted 4,735 7 Taylor Swift - Better Than Revenge 4,552 8 Taylor Swift - Haunted 4,283 9 Taylor Swift - The Story Of Us 4,246 10 Taylor Swift - Dear John 4,189 KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
1966 Chevrolet Corvette Stk#077 1966 Chevy Corvette RoadsterPainted the original Marina Blue BC/CC color this Corvette is a complete frame off build and looks better than new.
1.Beatiful black amazing singer slash ok dancer, she uses her ass to make people think she can dance better than she actually does,slash terrible actress no wait after dream girls she managed to work her way up to just a bad actress.
10 Owner 11 South Side of the Sky 12 Machine Messiah 13 Heart of the Sunrise -- sublime and better than the average HotS.
5 of the 8 teams that year only outscored their opponents by +-3 pts/g all year, so thats close to average, so they'd consistently beat these teams like the 72-10 bulls beat an avg team in 1995-96? and teams better than these clippers and warriors would, by virtue of being better than them, beat the 59-60s teams by an even worse margin of average victory?...
2) a child that is homeschooled is more likely to benefit society than one who is schooled by the state, because a child who is taught well at home has better academic results, more maturity and is better when it comes to logic and independent thought.
12-31-10 ( Essence Magazine , Nov) $1/1 Crest Pro Health Toothpaste ( Rite Aid Booklet ) Total after Stacked Coupons and +UP Reward: As low as Better than FREE
After all, if you live and breathe the Cardinal and Gold, how could it get much better than having Marcus Allen deliver the Lombardi Trophy to Pete Carroll?
2. This book should also serve as a stop check for when I'm working on convincing myself that non-fiction is better than fiction, because when a novel like this one comes along in your reading world, and the writing is so brilliant, you as a reader begin to think of these fictional characters as real: as breathing and talking and loving and suffering and all the things you feel.
33) Wesley Crusher tries to upgrade the warp drive and they work better than ever.
4) Soundtracks - whether they be pop tunes ( Titan A.E. )or instrumental ( Gladiator ), I tend to end up liking the soundtracks better than the movies, as it is the music that really transforms and helps to create emotional content in the movie.
3. First Edition To my father, who always wanted me to write a book, My mother, who always made me feel like I could, Melanie, who married me-the greatest stroke of good fortune of my life, and my son Harry, who will surely write books much better than this one whenever he wants to.
(1) That is, the brilliant scientist may work better than the evil demon for pumping our intuitions, but often does this precisely by obscuring the very point our intuitions are supposed to be about in the thought experiment at hand.
$10 is better than nothing and in fact it does make money, exactly $10, plus it also gets people into the business.
304 stainless steel is better used in areas like mufflers and exhaust tips because the 304 stainless steel will not lose its luster while 409 stainless steel will dull over time.
1, touch The main components of the shell is generally superior by casting brass, brass the higher the purity of electroplating quality is better, the surface plating layer is not easy to corrosion.
20:54:48 No, I'm not particularly sporty army truck models i cam make her squirt better than dis oldest nude model what happened to the other gf sin videos model nudity giant cocks!!! :O galleries tiny models are her parents in the next room ?
28   For some theorists, this situation is better illuminated, sometimes literally, using the audio-visual technologies made available by the best current science, than it is elucidated by humanistic explanatory methods and their subtending normative concepts.
Aaron Whiteway's review Consistently an alround well stocked buffet whether the place is sold out or not, the food selection is better than most and the star item would have to be the sweet and sour chicken cantonese style.
[ 49 ] Similarly, William Whitebait in the New Statesman , who found the film to be "better than either War of the Worlds or Them! ", [ 103 ] also called for "a couple of cheers for the reassurance that British films can still, once in a while, come quick".
Abdelhamid El Kaoutari (Morocco) It is hard to expect 2013 will be better than last year for the 22-year-old defender, who won Ligue 1 with home town club Montpellier and went to the Olympic Games in London with Morocco's under-23 side.
14) Which is better; Hot Topic or Pac Sun? 15) Do you play a sport?
.22 is cheap but 9mm is better for multiple functions target home defense and carry took 3 guns before I bought my .22 for cheap practice but like I said that's my opinion and everyone goes a different way important thing is you're happy with your gun and you use it safely, often and with a smile
71. Archived Article: Tech Focus - Wednesday, February 26, 1997 By CAMILLE H Phone home with a smile New video telephone hopes to do better than predecessors, appeals to residential market By CAMILLE H. GAMBLE The Daily News Santa Clara, Calif.-based 8x8 Inc. announced last month the release of ViaTV Phone, a vi...
According to Ol' Blue Eyes, one half inch of a man's shirt cuffs should protrude from his jacket sleeve, trousers should fall slightly above the shoe, black is the only appropriate color to wear after dark, vests are better than cummerbunds, and you shouldn't forget to shine your shoes.
According to the Department of Education and Skills, the gap between the genders is closing, and although girls may have been doing better than boys at second level, smaller numbers are graduating from third-level.
Actually, it doesn't come much better than this and being the master of my own time strengthens my belief in manifest destiny and that a God is looking after me.
09-15 : 28     And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou.
2007 Weekend Warrior Recreational Vehicle 2007 Weekend Warrior FS2500 Superlite 27ft FOR SALE Better than New...
Admiral Lombardo, the theater commander, does not come across much better than General Galtieri as an operational commander and strategist.
20 years later, I find myself paying $100.00/month for the same old crap (once cable modem service came to town in January 2003), largely because I want HDTV and the High-Speed broadband internet service which is only available here via cable modem, and still find myself watching over-the-air TV broadcasts fed from the old Radio Shack roof-top VHF/UHF/FM antenna I installed in 1983, because the picture quality is so much better than cable TV.
194 Thomas Gladstone thought he 'bungled through' his speech, 'but was better than usual'; and Arbuthnot was told that Althorp, who believed that Peel had blundered by not opposing the introduction of the bill, had informed 'a near relative' that 'he could now breathe again, that he had had a weight upon his mind not to be imagined, but that the introduction of their reform bill had now relieved him'.
1920 x 1080 is a lot of data to push across an itty-bitty bus like USB 2.0 and while you may get better than slide-show / power point presentation levels of frames per second, you will not get anything remotely close to a normal response to your keyboard or mouse input commands.
40,000 live Windows Phone apps, some of which are way better than their iOS or Android counterparts (compare Foursquare on the three platforms for example) is far from zero.
#18 Rick in gta - you see on TV only the negatives of Americans and form your opinions on their entrepreneurial character from that but when it comes to survival, they'll be around after Canadians are long gone and they will come out of the present situation better than ever, mark my words.
340g/12oz Tofutti "Better than Sour Cream" 115g/4oz Tofutti "Better than Cream Cheese" 280g/10oz Vegan Gourmet Mozzarella Cheese Alternative 140g/5oz Vegan Gourmet Cheddar Cheese Alternative 2 Cloves of garlic.
(2) What methods are being used, if not the standard methods in the field, and how do we know that these are better than the standard methods?
1 cup instant soya milk powder (not the kind that needs boiling) (Better Than Milk works great) 2/3 cup white sugar 3 tablespoon margarine 1/3 cup boiling water
1. Bottle better than juice- so many I am sure...off the top of my head- If I am honest I love the Nuit de Noel and narcisse noir parfum bottles more than the juice (but the juice is good!) 2. I would almost say none- but those Alice and Peter cupcake bottles are pretty darn sweet (but I would only go for the sticky toffee or blood orange- since it is possible I would like the juice!) 3. Juice better than packaging- Piquet?
(3) Some, though not all, were committed to Political Action, and working together was better than working alone.
1) I have been told by several teachers in Italy that moving there (and applying for jobs) would be better than applying for jobs whilst in England, since Italians prefer face-to-face contact!
(2002) demonstrated that S. Newport attached to alfalfa sprouts as efficiently as the plant-associated bacteria Pseudomonas putida , Pan. agglomerans and Rhanella aquatilis , and significantly better than E. coli O157:H7.
A few of our friends had been to Cornwall before, they had stayed with some friends and said it was much better than when they went to New York for two weeks.
3. Establishing Salah Leads to Allah's Eternal Blessings "So whatever you have been given is but (a passing) enjoyment for this worldly life, but that which is with Allah is better and more lasting for those who believe and put their trust in their Lord.
16) Urban Shocker- Top three seasons were a bit below Cicotte's, but career and 5-year peak totals of WS, WARP3, PRAA are very close or better than Ed's.
A crass explanation of such thinking was once formulated by President Lyndon Johnson in the mid 1960s: "If you can convince the lowest white man that he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket.
17:22   Green shoots of recovery visible, says finance secretary :  The finance ministry today said the growth rate in the current financial year will accelerate to 5.8 per cent, better than previous estimates, saying the green shoots of economic recovery are now visible.
adam and eve had even better than human intervention called God (divine) intervention.
5 1  When the authorities had proposed to the assembly to consider in what manner they ought to carry on the war against them, Tullus came forward and advised them to summon Marcius and inquire of him how the power of the Romans might be overthrown, since he knew better than any man both the weakness and the strength of the commonwealth.
+1 it is better to use GDB to reach the point where
Adam Raymond at the Daily Beast thinks Dodd's departure is better for the Democrats than that of Byron Dorgan of North Dakota.
A few riffs I think are better than some on this list: 1. Kansas-Carry On Wayward Son 2. Alice Cooper-Poison 3. Kiss-Rock N' Roll All Night 4. Megadeth-Symphony Of Destruction 5. Stone Temple Pilots-Interstate Love Song 6. Pantera-Walk 7. Pantera-Cemetary Gates 8. Judas Priest-Breaking The Law 9. Drivin' n' Cryin'-Fly Me Courageous 10. White Lion-Radar Love (Vito Bratta's riffs in the remake are better than some on this list).
1) I like Torchwood better than How I Met Your Mother and 2):
37. Major General Uri Sagi, then the Director of Military Intelligence, Israel Defense Forces supported this assessment during a 14 September 1994 interview with the Israeli newspaper Yedi'ot Aharonot when he said," Nobody better than me realizes the enormous importance of the Golan Heights from the intelligence point of view, particularly when we do not yet have a political arrangement.
2. (tie) Nicholson, never one to skirt an issue, to his daughter: "This is much better than watchin' Kobe every night," and: Looking for late-season help for the Lakers, Nicholson checks out the Supersonic's leading scorer -- both John Austin.
(12-24-2011 07:56 PM) Dark Knight Wrote:   Just filled the container with acid - and when i use it on the gate(door) - nothing happens.. strange.. very good atmosphere, better than earlier parts i dislike that fucking flying bodies..
8. Bill Monroe (8) - Still not convinced he was better than Grant or Johnson, but I am confident he should be ranked near the Thompson level.
A couple of us had starters - Birthday Girl and boyfie of said Birthday Girl went for Nachos - for £7.95 they got a mountain of nachos, which apparently were no better than those you would get in a Spoons or a Slug & Lettuce, boyfie and I went for spicy chicken strips with a silly name, which was ok, but a bit chewy - disappointment once again reigns.
2. "And if a woman fears ill usage or desertion on the part of her husband, there is no blame on them if they effect a reconciliation between themselves, and reconciliation is better......And if they separate, Allah will render them both free from want out of His ampleness" (4 : 125-130).
"11.6% -- you deserve better than that," Ryan said in Las Vegas, citing the large number of foreclosure filings in underwater homes in Nevada.
1. It's offensive to imply that college men need to be educated about what constitutes rape; the vast majority of men would NEVER do that, we all know better than to rape someone under the influence, or coerce them into sex.
Accepting that Congress has performed better than expected, CPI-M general secretary Prakash Karat said: â€œThe CPI-M and left parties have suffered a major setback in these elections.
10. Rex Redux - Ryan is well aware of the outside critics of his team, but, perhaps more quietly than in the past yet just as forcefully, he advises that this version of the New York Jets is better than a lot of people think.
A certain number of them will keep the goal in mind, but will only be able to see the road in small, partial stretches, like the wanderer, who likewise knows and recognizes the end of his journey, but is better able to conquer the endless highway if he divides it into sections and boldly attacks each one as though it represented the desired goal itself.
3) Batman: The Animated Series So yeah, I'll admit, it is better that Superman: TAS.
1973 911T Targa VIN 91131111056 Engine number: 6133190 This car runs and drives better than it looks The two shots of the Emerald Green (Viper Green) car is for comparison only - to show the correct color of this currently red car This car needs paint, seats and door pockets Tach and carbs have recent rebuild Car runs and drives see video AirCon condenser has been removed from trunk.
A comet can travel through space at the rate of hundreds of miles a second; and a presiding mind interested in the development of life on Mercury, ought to be able to accelerate the speed of the planet better than this.
According to Amin Sabooni at Iran Daily, John Negroponte, the new U.S. Ambassador to Iraq, is "Jewish and of Greek-American stock," and is better known at the "ambassador of death squads"...
Add in the fact that the 8MP camera on the i8190HD is, we think, a touch better than the Vivaz's, and the fact it has a massive OLED screen to watch media on, and we still believe Samsung's media behemoth is the better option.
[0120] The hereinbefore description of the new anticoagulant therapy factor (nATFt) does correlate at least as well as, and preferably better than, studies carried out using the International Normalized Ratio (INR).
2. I think their next mistake was in viewing the Hard Rock brand as 'special,' 'unique' and worse 'better than just The Beatles.' Now, don't get me wrong: the idea of a theme park with different zones themed to different musical genres is certainly more complete an experience than dedicating a park to just one band, but Hard Rock ISN'T a unique brand or experience.
1980 - Ace Of Spades   Tracklist: 01 - Ace Of Spades   02 - Love Me Like A Reptile   03 - Shoot You In The Back   04 - Live To Win   05 - Fast And Loose   06 - (We Are) The Road Crew   07 - Fire Fire   08 - Jailbait   09 - Dance   10 - Bite The bullet   11 - The Chase Is Better Than The Catch   12 - The Hammer   13 - Dirty Love   14 - Please Don't Touch   15 - Emergency
2002 isn't a great year to be named after, but I guess it's better than 1987 .
11 - Value of Prayers Imam As-Sadiq (peace be upon him) said: "One obligatory prayer is better than performing Hajj twenty times, and the performance of one Hajj is better than giving away a house full of gold."
269 And, 8 sessions of true acupuncture were no better than sham acupuncture in 123 subjects treated for persistent arm pain due to repetitive use.
A couple of things, some special polishes are better than others..for example, dark brown and forest green princess polishes didn't work so well for me but all of the others have.
1. - People living their lives for you on TV They say they're better than you and you agree Another burger, another hot dog, some fries A wish in the well, hope your health don't go to hell, well Another doctors bill, another lawyer's bill Another cute cheap thrill You know you love him if you put him in your will
3. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 - After four "Harry Potter" movies, each one better than the last, I still don't know who this director David Yates is, or how he got handed the keys to the final half of the biggest film franchise of the past decade.
A champion of the European Left, which makes him far left by American standards -- a socialist and proud of it, a thinly veiled apologist for the Soviet Union who regards the United States as practically a fascist state as presidents Reagan and Bush II as little better than Hitler.
5. Gingerbread Men : Nothing says Christmas better than gingerbread men.
3. Steve Nash over the stat chaser Deron Williams... only drops if he suddenly loses his basketball IQ and ability to shoot better than any other point guard on Earth or pass better with his left hand than everyone but Paul does with their right hand. 4. Deron Williams who should be number 2, but has never gotten 10 rebounds, took more shots than his team needed in Utah and might be a team cancer.
3. Until Steve discussed it in depth I never thought of the BE being divided between Football colleges and Catholic ones, interesting observation but let's assume we don't have to self destruct to move forwards and we can deal with football without destroying basketball, at least I hope so. 4. From the fans point of view I think playing every team in the conference once is better than playing only some.
2007 Ford Edge wheel bearings are now made better than ever, coming sealed from the factory so the good stuff, such as much needed lubricant, stays in and the bad stuff, water and heat, stays out.
5.    This film follows the original story much better than pretty much any other version of the Wizard of Oz released.
(57) On Flinders Island, Windschuttle claims that Aboriginal people enjoyed warmer and dryer weather than that experienced in Van Diemen's Land, were well fed, and generally treated better than the white convicts present on the island.
7 Behold Menacrus my son is grown up, let him reign over you, for it is better for you to serve the son of your lord, than to serve a stranger, slave of the king of Egypt.
5.) Building off of #1, the notion that many ideas are better than one , and only through open debate in the marketplace of ideas will the best solutions emerge.
8. Trey Edmunds out-rushes group(+250) I like the value of Virginia Tech's Trey Edmunds being better than Miami's Duke Johsnon, Florida State's Karlos Williams, Virginia's Kevin Parks and Louisville's Dominique Brown.
103 Perhaps it is proper to differentiate between the legal standing of woman vis-à-vis man in the Bible which (despite the general rule of "Scripture made the woman equal to man with regard to all punishments in the Torah") was, in effect, inferior; and her family and community situation, which was, in effect, much better than his, and certainly in her theological standing, as we will see further on.
5. 2nd Generation Cephalosporins (Cephamycins): Cefoxitin, Cefotetan - beware increasing resistance of Bacteroides (Cefoxitin is better than Cefotetan, but avoid both for serious intraabdominal infections)
According to the report, the average driver here will experience an auto collision once in a little more than every 12 years--more than 18 percent better than the national average of once approximately every 10 years.
8. Basil Poledouris, "Conan the Barbarian" [Original Motion Picture Soundtrack ] I am not the biggest fan of classical music, I prefer movie scores, and this soundtrack is the best of them all, even better than Star Wars!
+10832622739,34698840,AmericanInkling,Stupak & Co. should be looking at how Scott Brown became a national hero after opposing OCare-better than being national traitor.
A 2008 McKinsey study noted American factories actually were, on average, considered the best-managed in the world - ahead, albeit slightly, of competitors based in advanced nations like Germany, Sweden and Japan, and considerably better than their counterparts in key emerging competitors China and India.
Actress and LGBT rights activist Cynthia Nixon gave a terrific interview to the New York Times, entitled "Life After Sex," in which she discusses her role in the Broadway revival of Wit, her pre and post Sex and the City fame and how "gay is better."
Add in the neural net system that can recognize certain keywords from the background noise even better than humans (mentioned on /. a couple of months ago) to flag specific conversations for analysis and the problem becomes downright simple.
According to the ranchers and cowboys who ran cattle in the rugged Diablo Range southeast of San Jose, Sada Sutcliffe Coe (1910-1979) could ride a horse as well, if not better, than any of them.
1) OEM look(they do look way better than what i have seen) 2) Plug and Play(yes thats what they advertise and will find out, eventually) 3) 90% percent of my driving is Freaking City so HEAT factor is HUGE problem for me and the fact that I am a Go Speed Racer type I need more cooler air into the turbos) 4) Although Cx Racing had one I just did not like the FRANKENSTEIN look.
7. Do you like the DIVAS now or the DIVA then? ( Chyna, Trish, Lita) I think the old school DIVAs are way better than the DIVAS now.
[ 54 ] No other atypical studied ( risperidone , quetiapine , and ziprasidone ) did better than the typical perphenazine on the measures used, nor did they produce fewer adverse effects than the typical antipsychotic perphenazine, although more patients discontinued perphenazine owing to extrapyramidal effects compared to the atypical agents (8% vs. 2% to 4%).
9) Private farms are long gone, but with a little incentive those farmers could have grown enough fruit and vegetables to supplement the diet of ordinary Cubans, vegetarian perhaps, but certainly better than what they have now.
$10 is in store paid, not the bill, check the prices of the phones again iphone 5 is priced at 149 (i am sitting in a telus store looking at it right now as I type, website prices may not have changed but store prices have) even if it's temporary it still is better for now. the $10 sim card is also cheaper then all the other companies to boot as bell charges $35 and rogers charges $15.
Acai berries are in fact antioxidants (better than blueberries), which also aid in improving one's cardiovascular health.
5:15: Astro is better in person, and if I were a betting man, I'd put money on him winning the competition.
1:20 In every matter of wisdom and 1   insight the king asked them about, he found them to be ten times 2   better than any of the magicians and astrologers that were in his entire empire .
1) There's nothing better than watching Brienne Pedigo be put on the spot when she clearly was not ready so she could tell us someone was and this is a rough quote "yes he's coming in for fuel and tires, and now he's in, they are fueling and changing tires, and he's away"
17 459, 2004) around 28, which indicated that the field at the input coil is enlarged than that at the pickup coils, and undoubtedly better than the sensed-field decay occurred from the unavoidable distance between the specimen and the SQUID sensor like the deware thickness or vacuum gap.
1. Choose Your Tax Preparer Wisely...Ask if they are an EA! Nobody knows your finances better than you do...unless, of course, it's the IRS.
2. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the optic beam from the transmitter is as narrow as possible as to divergence and diameter, and said second area of said target has a surface of predetermined size which reflects light better than its surrounding area, and the difficulty of scoring a hit, or the size of the scoring solid angle is changed by changing the size of the reflector/scattering surface.
4. Brandon Jennings (Bucks) Jennings has played huge for the Bucks since he fell in their lap, he's also playing his way to a max level contract for a Pg that was pegged as a flash in the pan, I think he far better than Wall at this point...
05/27/2008      Big Boob DVD Caps   Upgrades for the new caps (coming soon!) (more..)   I just got my player software updated to power dvd 7.3 which is a LOT better than the older version 6 i had for years.
2014 Belgium and Switzerland are all better than those teams from back then..You're forgetting that Belgium and Switzerland were seeded team and were also ranked higher than both Holland and France at the 2014 world cup..
1 cup water (you can use just 2 cups water, but the apple juice/cider is better)
1. Super Card Of Honor 2. Glory By Honor V Night 2 3. Better Than Our Best 4. Manhatten Mayhem 5. Fourth Anniversary Show 6. Fight Of The Century 7. Unified 8.
18 We further held, however, that the petitioners' challenge to the FCC's prospective policy of forbearance was best raised in the instant case, reasoning that "the full sweep of the FCC's rationale is better understood in a careful review of the entire Cable Act rulemaking."
Add the Boost effect to create a rich sepia tone (much better than the standard Sepia effect) or the Fade effect to create a cool-toned cyanotype.
Adding fuel to the reports that Chris Brown and Rihanna are secretly back together, but possibly letting us know through their " music ," friends of his supposed girlfriend Karrueche Tran (who we completely mangled identifying the other day, but fixed now) say they're in an "open relationship" and she knows better than to ask about Rihanna for reasons I don't have to tell you because it's he'll beat the goddamn shit out of her until she dies.
Ace of Spades Love Me Like a Reptile Shoot You in the Back Live to Win Fast and Loose (We Are) The Road Crew Fire, Fire Jailbait Dance Bite the Bullet The Chase Is Better Than the Catch The Hammer
After all, what could be better than to be paid for messin' around boats, especially in an area of crystal waters proclaimed by many to be one of the finest freshwater cruising destinations in the world.
3B Tony Batista is a big unknown afterspend- ing last season in Japan, but irat s another place where it won't take much to be better than what the Twins got last year.
12) Knowing your books are just as good or better than the ones selling like hotcakes but no one has heard of your books so Joanne Smith will settle for what's on the cardboard display with the flashing lights and toilet flushing sound because she's in a rush and her kid's is getting whiny and your book is having a grand time collecting dust with the other "spine-outs."
[ 57 ] Joshua Alston of Newsweek declares that the show "captures better than any other TV drama of the past eight years the fear, uncertainty and moral ambiguity of the post-9/11 world" and "always finds ways to challenge the audience's beliefs."
4 stars, Fit better than Depends for big kids By anonymous from OH on 2012-03-12 My 11 year old daughter has special needs, and just outgrew Overnites, even though she is in the weight range.
After 15 years of hard work beginning in 1921, the 52 hybrid corn breeders of the North-Central states achieved hybrid varieties that were less than 10 percent better than the open-pollinated varieties.
02:54: They say Aries and Leo get along better than Sagittarius and Leo 02:54: you're blowing my mind man 02:54: i'm Taurus 02:54: so I guess it makes sense that he would be a little further away from the couple.
1-Androstene-3b-ol,17-one 13-ethyl-3-methoxy-gona-2,5(10)diene-17-one 4-chloro-17a-methyl-androst-1,4-diene-3b,17b-diol a fairly unique combo although I cant say I believe 1-Androstene-3b-ol,17-one can possibly be 400 or 700 or 7000 times better than test that just sounds like smoke up my ass to me But with new development Im sure things are much better.
Actually except for a ten day stretch the rain has been better than normal for summer and my grass is growing well as are my neighbors corn fields.
2006's Blood Money did not do any better than the previous album, despite involvement from Dr. Dre and a heavy-hand from 50 Cent.
adw-launcher - nice, clean and super fast es file manager - cleaner ui than astro imo k-9 mail - much better than stock email app, looks even prettier with the new update dolphin browser - best browser experience, just try it colornote - note writing app with widget that looks like post-it, i have a desktop just for these widgets
1hat is better and more suitable for pnal determination."
After going through a lot of material looking for a good picture, I settled for two: the picture on the back of a Stevie Ray Vaughan CD (which totally kicks butt, though is very tough to draw, especially since I have not completely got used to the tablet) and the cover picture of Miles Davis playing on the album "Kind of Blue" (which, personally, I like better than "Bitches Brew" which I find too electronic).
According to the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force, the original XP-80 was designed and built in just 143 days during the middle of World War II, and it became the first American aircraft to make a sustained, level flight at better than 500 miles per hour.
1.All those people who are waiting in EB3 line would have had more than 10 years of experience by now and would qualify better than EB-2 folks.
10. Manny Machado, SS, Baltimore : The first major jump here as Machado, currently out with a knee injury, looked better than expected at shortstop and far more comfortable at the plate than expected, adjusting to better off-speed stuff and taking great at-bats in low-A.
3. Oliver is subjected to the "ill treatment" of Charlotte, Mrs. Sowerberry, and the brutish Noah Claypole, who is fed better than he, and who taunts him by insulting his poor, dead mother.
22 or 24 gauge "stranded" wire is better to solder as feeders to the rail.
2) lineup data from this season shows that the Amare at PF was better than virtually all of the Knicks small ball lineup 5) The Melo, Chandler, Amare combo not only had a 59 TS, but a 31 o reb % an 81 d reb% and a 117 offensive rating.
2011 - Aperture Science launches new official holiday, supposedly better than Christmas.
A definitive, left-brain best practices bible for UX (UX is a rapidly changing field, especially as mobile becomes the primary interaction portal for accessing knowledge and connecting socially.While certain methods are proven to work better than others, and while we do provide guidance and examples of what works and doesn't work, there's more than one way to do things.
6. Emeka Okafor in exchange anybody who would actually play - The Suns have been better than anybody thought they'd be, but they're entirely too young and inexperienced to make any sort of postseason run in what has proven to be an insanely tough Western Conference.
ACP's leadership generally believes that it is better to seek a shared understanding with the pharmaceutical industry (and other health care industries) than to close off dialogue.
After her traumatizing wedding night, Emily had recovered better than expected.
1:3 His Son is the radiance of his glory, the very image of his substance, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself made purification for our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; 1:4 having become so much better than the angels, as he has inherited a more excellent name than they have.
2) That they're bringing in Kazumi this late into the series, since she's been a named character since the Tekken 2 days (no more than basically stating she's Heihachi's wife on the family tree, but hey, better than nothing) and did nothing with her.
5. Local announcers - From the good (George Blaha in Detroit, Jerry Reynolds in Sacramento) to the bad (Tommy Heinsohn in Boston, Sean Elliott in San Antonio) to the fine (Stephanie Ready in Charlotte, Stacy Paetz in Indiana), it's better than listening to the same ol' national crew every week.
1. Caliente's CBBE by Caliente (THE BEST body mod around!!) 2. Body Imperfect by betterbecause (THE BEST body textures and normals around!!) 3. The Eyes of Beauty by LogRaam (THE BEST eye textures anywhere!!) 4. ApachiiSkyHair by Apachii (THE BEST hair mod ever!!) 5. Nuska's Real Skin and Face Morphs by Nuska (It doesn't get any better than this!
3rd Street is a little better than the Circle in Morehead City in a S/SW wind because the wind is less onshore.
2. Power play deficiency: With Dustin Byfuglien's scary shot from point and the skill available, the Jets' power play should be better than 29th.
4), tied for the sixth-best mark in school history ... recorded first career 100-yard receiving game against the Fighting Illini ... grabbed a career-best seven passes for 129 yards, more than doubling his incoming total career output ... returned seven kicks for 183 yards, including a career-best 36-yard run back ... his 183 kick return yards are the third most in a single game for a Wolverine all-time ... 10 of his 15 plays were for better than 20 yards ... dressed but did not see action vs. Toledo (Oct.
8) John - just misses the cut, low peak 9) Dawson - I see him as comparable to Willard Brown 10) Lee Smith - lower than Rollie Fingers but better than Sutter who was a mistake 11) Harold Baines 12) Albert Belle 13) Dave Concepcion 14) Dale Murphy 15) Dave Parker 16-20) Canseco, Mattingly, Rice, Hershiser, Fernandez
1 head cauliflower, cut into florets 2 cups packed baby spinach heaping spoonful plain soy yogurt or better than sour cream 1/2 tsp salt dashes curry powder and turmeric black pepper
2014 marks the 40th anniversary of Richard Nixon?s resignation from the White House, and no book has captured the extraordinary upheaval of America during the Watergate years better than Elizabeth Drew?s Washington Journal .
10 people who can influence the New York Times et al. is better than 1000 people visiting your blog.
3. to be part of something bigger than myself - because the story of the forest is better than the story of a tree - remember that quote from here (explained in six-year old speak as sometimes it feels go to be part of a big team where everyone wants the same thing - like when your whole class brought in the most shoes for the people in haiti and you beat all the other kindergarten classes and got a cupcake party)
2) The regulatory regimes matter, so that price-cap regulated firms do better than rate-of-return regulated firms, and firms regulated under hybrid regimes have intermediate performance.
1- do surge milkers work better than any of the others when set correctly (10-12 lbs press and 50/50 or 40/60 pulse)?
[ 22 ] Although losing to the incumbent Labour MP Winnie Laban , she performed better than the National Party candidate in the 2005 election, Chris Finlayson , as well as an increased party vote percentage from three years previously.
Add fuel economy that's as good as anything in this class, and better than most, and the new Pathfinder rates as an attractive entry in a very competitive field.
1) Is the performance of this new JavaScript Remoting feature better than the existing ajax toolkit?
3. "anyone who watches football knows Steve Smith is better than Fitzgerald and Bolden and he's better than Wayne or Welker or Andre Johnson"
2012 was a year of change not only for Slackerwood -- we were taken under the wing of Austin Film Society, does it get any better than that?
1) You have to drive by stocked fish to get there 2) Most people are allergic to lightning 3) It's rumored that the Park Service turns it's nusance bears lose there, so, there's a better than average chance of becoming a bear t\/rd when compared to other places 4) The place is polluted with snakes, mostly poisonous
Absolutely riveting -- definitely better than any of the cheesy Star Wars prequels (I'm lookin' at YOU, Jar-Jar Binks) -- and certainly should prove to be a huge hit even for the uninitiated young'uns who don't even know what a Vulcan mind meld is.
4. "Here For You" / Neil Young From Prairie Wind Middle-aged Neil Young is still better than most young guys.
AC/DC Hells Bells TALKING HEADS Girlfriend Is Better YELLOW MAGIC ORCHESTRA Technopolis ORANGE JUICE Rip It Up MUSICAL YOUTH Pass THE Dutchie STEVIE WONDER Master Blaster JOE JACKSON Steppin' Out
After 75 years of being solidly Republican, another 75 years of good luck as a swing state in predicting elections-but no better than Florida, Virginia, Colorado, or Nevada-gave Ohio its current bellwether reputation.
A cold fill is better for biological detergent users and starting with cold water gives better wash results when using biological detergents.
After explaining some outstanding parts of the life stories of five Divine prophets, there was an expressive question in the content of the previous verse implying whether Allah, with His infinite power, is better or the worthless idols which the idolaters produced.
12. Do allow the memorist to complain, but in most cases it is better to make the visit positive and to affirm what is right.
8-10 red chili peppers three cloves garlic salt and black pepper ground cumin ground clove concentrated bullion such as Better than Bullion vegetable base or chicken stock.
[0090] In addition to the examples listed in the tables above, other thermally-conductive compliant materials or thermally-conductive interface materials can also be used for a TIM, which are preferably better than air alone at conducting and transferring heat.
1) Talking Heads: Girlfriend is Better 2) Dirty Projectors: Imagine It 3) Adrian Orange: Question Love Answer 4) Red Hot Chili Peppers: I Like Dirt 5) Outkast: Da Art of Storytellin (part 1)
(2012-05-02 22:51) tman12 Wrote:   I found out about MadVR which I had never heard of before and I have to say WOW this is one fine piece of rendering software, using it with MPC-HC the picture is much better than what I'm getting on XBMC and I have yet to see a drop in frames.
1 hour of fire protection is better than none.
1. Mickey Welch: Kelly from SD has made the case for him better than I ever could - see posts 107-108 in the 1939 discussion thread.
/ 1894 ml): What's better than A National Fiery Foods Show winner: 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, Best Hot Pepper Sauce???
"1, 1, 1, 1, 1, ..."), and report that in the "mean" row, representing mean damage intake (lower is better, represents better TDR).
1. Comparison Between Waterfall Model and Spiral ModelWhile developing a software, developers are often confused about the waterfall model vs spiral model.It is because they are not able to decide, which of these models is better for the software they aredeveloping.Software development on a broader level includes all the activities, between the manifestation of theidea for the software to the maintenance of the said software.
239 his half-Canaanite son Abimelech, who naturally belongs to his mother s people (see on v. 1 ) ; the successful appeal to blood, which is thicker than water, by which he becomes king of Shechem, ruling also over the neighbouring Israelites ; the inter loper Gaal and his kinsmen, who settle in Shechem and instigate insurrection against Abimelech by skilfully appealing to the pride of the Shechemite aristocracy, all help us better than anything else in the book to realize the situation in this period.
11) represents the left norma interalis, and will explain better than a description the extent of missing cranial wall.
Academic Advisor Eric Breugst chalks it up to human nature; it's easier to hide that you're struggling and hope that things get better than to do something about it, because for some, asking for help means defeat.
2012 could not have been laid out much better than it did for Sioux fans.Â They get 4 of the Top 6 teams in the Big Sky at home (Poly, NAU, UM, SUU).
Additionally, if the team can make the story and gameplay flow as well as or even better than the stunning Dead Space Extraction (still one of the best M-rated Wii games ever and even more superior on the PS3 with the Move controls), they'll have folks who like a decent narrative hooked in from the time they press Start.
Actually I would love to see your Fluffy - I think your armor piece looks so much better than mine (but mine might be more comfortable).
(6) If the match is better than the stopping threshold then stop;
Abigail grinned at her potion as it was a shade off from Theodores, and much better than Susan Bone's brown bubbling potion on the next desk.
Additionally, the CYPHER(R) Stent performed significantly better than the bare metal stent arm during the same endpoint, as 52.7 percent of the patients who received a bare metal stent did not experience a MACCE event after three years.
1. Full system 2. Hi mount retaining passenger peg 3. Carbon canister (I know these have disadvantages) 4. Nice sound that won't be obnoxious or make my ears bleed (subjective I know) 5. Lower price is better but i'm not really familiar with the price range of full systems
After 13 years, Mr. Mark Jelke the owner of The Great Frame Up on 53rd Street is still in business and doing better than ever.
1. RudeBoy - Where Is The Love? (Black Eyed Peas) 2. A Public Affair - Don't Stop The Music (Rihanna) 3. David - Two Is Better Than One (Boys Like Girls) 4. Music- Heartless (Kanye West) 5. Arris1314 - Paparazzi (Lady Gaga) 6. Jake - Hot N Cold (Katy Perry) 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19.
According to an internal MGM memo last week, early testing of the new materials - which blanketed websites like Yahoo!, YouTube, JoBlo, Trailer Addict and Spike - "reactions to the 'Valkyrie' trailer are significantly favorable (approximately 80%) within Entertainment, Fan-Boy, Video Sharing, Social Networks, Social Bookmarks and Fan communities," with those taking part calling the trailer "fantastic," "stylistic," "intriguing" and "way better" than the initial teaser.
After all, the Hornets are a whole lot better than their 11-26 record, something analysts always say when their squad is getting beat by opposing teams with crappy win-losses, but in this case it's basically inarguable-the Hornets finally have franchise lynchpins Eric Gordon and Anthony Davis healthy together for the first time all season, and have now won five of their last six, including Ws over the Spurs, Rockets and Timberwolves, all of whom are also a lot better than the Sixers.
18 pounds gone in 4 weeks.... better than I have ever done in my life and I feel amazing.
After having definitely established that certain General Council members could not boast of being "Gauls first and foremost", the Revolution Sociale could find nothing better than to take up the second slogan put in circulation by the European police and to denounce the Council's "authoritarianism".
164 points for this stage( my best score for the week) and 4 Badges overall Better than last year already So glad i can never pick my transfers straight away and went for Cantwell over Demare!! come on Qatar
7 rounds of ball ammo on target is probably are better than one Hydra-Shok and an FTF (Failure To Feed) with the hollow-point bullet nose hung up on the bottom of the feed ramp.
25. Effectiveness and Cost-Effectiveness of Levonorgestrel- Containing Intrauterine System in Primary Care against Standard Treatment for Menorrhagia (ECLIPSE) Trial Scores for women in the LNG- IUS group were better than for those in the usual-treatment group LNG-IUS lead to greater improvement in women's assessments of the effect of heavy menstrual bleeding on their daily routine, including work, social and family life, and psychological and physical well-being Gupta J, Kai J, Middleton L, Pattison H, Gray R, Daniels J for the ECLIPSE Trial Collaborative Group N Engl J Med 2013;368:128-37 25
[6] C. Bettstetter, "Smooth is Better than Sharp: A Random Mobility Model for Simulation of Wireless Networks," Proc.
21st century Englishmen say, "Early English (read Western) civilization may come up short when compared to the ancient civilizations of Asia and Africa, but were still better than those damned Irish!"
12. Democracy is good for peace and for economic development, though the political decisions made in democracies are not necessarily better than those made in other systems.
2: Natural materials breathe much better than synthetics.
2. Given somewhat better-than-expected news from the employment-related indicators this week--including gains in both of the ISM employment indexes and a sizable increase in online help-wanted job advertising according to the Conference Board-- we are raising our forecast for the increase in nonfarm payrolls in March to 200,000 from 175,000 (data released on Friday at 8.30) .
3. Eternity Band - if you are married then nothing is better than an eternity band to express her what she is for you.
Admittedly, the disparity is better than the 19% spread five years ago when Family Dollar had sales of $158 per square foot versus Dollar General's $195, but even faster growth in this category doesn't seem to do the business justice in Icahn's eyes.
A few of the stories happen to combine better-than-average writing (for Howard's average) with a lack of overt bigotry - The God In the Bowl and The Phoenix On the Sword in particular - but even then you can find reasons to feel queasy about those if you happen to be up on your Conan lore.
According to Diane Weissinger, International Board Certified Lactation Consultant and nationally-known speaker on the topic of infant nutrition, "The only advantage that American women who formula-feed tend to have over Third-World women is better sanitation and medical care-and that's far from a culture-wide advantage.
A friend who works for a Harrisburg paper says everyone was furloughed, which I guess is better than what the Journal News did.
88 Felix Hernandez (For the last card in the pack, you'll get nothing better than The Last House on the Left .
250,000 pro-life advocates will at best get a ho-hum brief mention, basically implying that a bunch of right wing nuts are engaged in a war on women, and there's a better than even chance that the group is going to be labeled as anti-abortion, though it prefers and deserves the moniker of pro-life.
A fifty-eight-year-old stepmother named Belinda calls this the "Cinderella-in-reverse syndrome"-the stepmother's drive to be whiter than white, better than best, and her tendency to overcompensate at her expense.
According to the premise of the article, in a percieved sense, VHS was better than Beta.
2006 Saw Harry Reid take control of the Seante from the Minority - with the Focus on a national election taxes were repealed and rose to 13.8% still significantly better than Clinton almost as good as most years of Reagan, better than Carter, Nixon, Lby, Kennedy, and Truman
2. Transformers: Dark of the Moon Let's start with the good news: this was better than Revenge of the Fallen .
10. Spend your time telling people about why your vitamins are better than the other guy's vitamins.
A car this small should get better than 25 mpg in the city.
[ 2 ] At the opening of the DeMille Theatre in New York, he produced a "two-reel short," that in the estimation of critic Don Miller "was much better than this 90-minute tribute."
A family themed show far better than "Hell's Kitchen" or "Duck Dynasty".
¶224] Three illnesses that are better than health: the lying-in of a woman with a male child, the fever of an abdominal disease that clears the bowels, a feverish passion to check evil by its good (?).
A burned out something or other who writes alot ( read my poems )...sings a little...my voice is more of a Kristofferson style, I write better than I sing...been everywhere and lived a wild hard life which is catching up to me now.
6. Space Ghost - Nothing better than getting way too high and watching this show- Space Ghost is probably the best talk show host ever, rivaled only by Conan O'Brien and maybe Johnny Carson.
3D Rendering Performance Maya 4.0.1 - rendertest.ma (Render Time in Seconds - Lower is Better)
Afrieye Aquah, Frank Agyeampong, Nana Kwesi Asare & David Accam,MUST be included in the squad, they far better than Adomah,Baba Rahman,Emmanuel Frimpong, Anthony Anan.
A bad day hunting, is better than a good day on the couch.. Proud part of the ARCHERY SHACK FIELD STAFF.
@96, I'm sure they've done traffic studies and will have better routes in/out of the parking lots, so that aspect should be better than the Ted, but the problem is the huge number of commuters that work in Atlanta and live in the NW burbs, plus the constant stream of thru-traffic up 75 to Chattanooga and points beyond.
1. Most of what they are broadcasting seems to be upconverted, but it looks night and day better than TCM-SD on my 55" 1080i living room tv.
Absolutely, the times are right for a rediscovery of Peckinpah; the recently released four-DVD set that includes Peckinpah's smoothly sad Western Ride the High Country looks better than ever.
1) Our Staff liked the players in Ga and Va a little bit better than the NC players this year; I hope they were right.
Abraham Lincoln Our children deserve better than this.
After a lifetime achievement award was presented to Sesame Street , which will soon turn 40, Cookie Monster said: "It's not only a great honor, but it's delicious ... Wow, that tastes even better than a Latin Grammy."
After a lengthy battle, Darkchylde teleported Forge to her dimension, Limbo , where she was more powerful and Forge eventually decided that he was no better than her as a youth and gave-up.
actually talent wise steve smith is definetly better than welker.
After all, it's hard to imagine a Paradise that's better than our great, complex and wonderful planet Earth.
1/4 of armored plate isn't much, but it's better than 1/10th inch of canvas or nylon.
'Actions like the Patriot Act, inspections at the airports, port security - all of that is certainly better than people being burned to death or having to throw themselves out of 106-story buildings,' he said.
26 The Preacher Advises to Fear God 1Guard your steps when you go to God's house; for to draw near to listen is better than to give the sacrifice of fools, for they don't know that they do evil.
A critical analysis is not a review, and within an academic context nobody cares very much whether I like Superman better than Batman.
5. When it comes to bright 'pop' furniture, nobody does it better than Jonathan Adler.
A close look at the big picture since the economy began its downward spiral in 2008 reveals that the film and TV sectors have fared better than other parts of media, according to state labor data from California and New York, the main industry hubs.
2b. COMPONENTS: The '05 Trek mix was definitely better than the '05 Cannondale mix, but the cost -- at least in the US -- was also significantly higher: nearly 30% given the Cannondale's $2,299 (USD) MSRP vs. the Trek's T2000 at $3,299 (USD).
2 eggs, lightly beaten 3 links Lap Cheong (Chinese sausage) (3-4 is better) 1 small knob of ginger, minced 2 cloves of garlic, minced 2 green onions, whites sliced thin, and greens into 4cm planks 1 small onion, sliced into half-moons 1 1/2 cups frozen peas 3 cups day-old rice (break up the lumps) Soy sauce White pepper Cooking oil, such as peanut or good canola Sesame oil (optional)
30K is better than 20K, as long a they transfer all the bigger games (Sydney, QLD, Adelaide) to the TD.
15.Ghost Rider (I was really dissapointed in the Rifftrax Presents) 16.DUNE (with guest riffer RVR II) 17.Superman 18.The Terminator 19.Lost in Space 20.Demolition Man 21.The Abyss 22.Predator 2 (I actually like this movie better than the original) 23.HULK (The Quiptracks I helped work on came out great, but I's still love to see their take on it.)
1. Hair conditioner - yep, regular ol' hair conditioner...any cheapo moisturizing brand is fine, don't buy the volumizing kind 2. Proraso Pre/Post Crema - $12 at many online retailers, works even better than hair conditioner
64 It is better to use a heavy plastic water bowl during the winter instead of a metal one.
According to Dr Hull, head of the material science at Rensaeller Polytechnic Institute (host of SG20112), bamboo can absorb the shock and vibration better than conventional material (metal, carbon fiber) which can totally beat up bike racers, for example those who race the cobblestones of the famed Spring Classic, Paris-Roubaix.
1. Yusko doesn't know any better than anyone else what the S&P 500 will do between now and 2021.
After all, as Humphrey Bogart famously said, "A hot dog at the ballpark is better than steak at the Ritz."
5:45 pm Saturday, Dec. 29 @ Kalamazoo Central Lansing Sexton vs. River Rouge On pure talent with the physical tools the college coaches covet, it doesn't get much better than Sexton's 6-9 sophomore Trevor Manuel and River Rouge's 6-9 junior Jamal Poplar.
Actually, I think your footwork, preparation, and start of the stroke look better than before.
Abba Father, glory be to Your holy name, there is no one like You, the Almighty; higher than the highest, better than the best, stronger than the strongest, richer than the richest, wiser than the wisest, older than the oldest, holier than the holiest, glory be to Your holy name, accept our worship, in Yahushua's Mighty Name!
#2 Patches made the game much better than it was at launch.
10 of 10 people found the following review helpful: 5.0 out of 5 stars Better than Retin-A I am 40 but look 25 due to years of using Retin-A- but was really annoyed by all the peeling.
1. Butter is better: Coming to terms with the notion that your turkey isn't going to be the healthiest thing you've ever eaten is step one.
A comment left on Meg McArdle's post on " The Magic of Europe ," in which Meg claims that health care is better overall in Europe than here.
50% survival chance is better than zero, but my parents didn't do a good job of hiding the chances from me.
A : Existing technology is also being refined in terms of configuration with a marked trend toward the deployment of hybrid systems that combine two different technologies - where one technology is better at detecting one kind of breach, such as climbing, and the other technology is better at detecting a different kind of breach, such as cutting - on one perimeter fence.
A 2006 study from University Hospital, Zurich, Switzerland discovered a combination of primrose, elderberry, sorrel, gentian root and vervain resolved sinus symptoms better than placebo, consequently having an effect on the sense of taste.
After Cathy said he supported the biblical definition of the family unit and that America was "inviting God's judgment" for saying "we know better than you as to what constitutes a marriage," the fast-food chain faced backlash and was accused of discrimination and spreading "hate."
Across the top of the complex is a rigid 25mm poly pipe sprinkler/mister system, this can help with heat relief in the Summer, (as most people are aware cockatoos like nothing better than a shower in the Summer, none less than the Galahs) the whole complex is set on a complete weldmesh-reinforced concrete slab!
2012.01.10 Diana Davis Æåëÿçíû Ðîäæåð - Äåâÿòü ïðèíöåâ Àìáåðà FontLab Studio 5.04 Crack Popular Most Discussed 5 of the best things to do in Skyrim 32 Reasons why PCs are Better than Macs Asus Transformer Prime is world's fastest tablet Opinion: 5 ways ISPs will tempt you in the NBN era Top 5 tips for tweaking, tuning and speeding up your HP Touchpad Opinion: Why I went from Mac back to Windows 32 reasons why PCs are better than Macs: are they still true in 2010?
1.9ghz exynos in the note 3 was on par and sometimes better than the s800.
A Collection of Stories Inspired by A Collections of Songs, as Follows: 1. Better Than Revenge - Taylor Swift 2. Famous - Katy Tiz 3.
87: One short of a full Hitler, which means that this rating is a bit worse than... ...86: Since 1986 was a spectacular year, with both Challenger and Chernobyl exploding, and the water-tightness of Olof Palme's skin being compromised by that one guy with the ugly moustache who died before confessing, this actually counts as three steps more than it looks like, and therefore it's like seven levels better than 87.
5. Elston Howard (5-5-5, PHoM 1994) 6. Don Newcombe (6-7-9, PHoM 1997)-these 2 guys missed more opportunities than anybody; Newcombe coulda been Robin Roberts, for Howard the comp is Mickey Cochrane; Newk was 3 WS per year better than the median "ace" for 7 prime seasons, vs. Saberhagen, for one, also at +3 and Stieb at +2.5
After all, what goes together better than Thanksgiving and football?
A cold-water soaking in any detergent for several hours or preferably overnight, along with 1-2 cups of ammonia in the soak water, worked better than borax or other recommended remedies and did not damage clothes.
2s shields the atom better than 2p because the s orbitals is much closer and surrounds the nucleus more than the p orbitals, which extend farther out.
A brick oven with salvage bricks will be a lot better than the hottest electric oven and the best pizza stone.
A benchmark is usually intended to compare two or more systems in order to determine which one is better for performing certain tasks.
1990: Chicago Tribune review of Johnny Depp film "Cry Baby" reports that "I laughed; I cried; it was better than "Cats.""
10: genarti may very well have had the footwork and figures better than me, and there were certainly a few of the EA/CVD folks who both knew what they were doing, and had the springyness to support it.
56. Associate yourself with Men of good Quality if you Esteem your own Reputation; for 'is better to be alone than in bad Company.
Advocates for borrowers hope the new modifications work better than prior efforts, which were not that generous: A government report found homeowners who modified their loans defaulted a second time at a very high rate last year.
A credit is a credit, and a B&M credit is always better than a boomerang or a flying dutchman.
1) Bradshaw has never carried the entire running game for a whole season without his feet breaking down (which incidentally is why he fell to the 7th round of the draft) 2) Wilson has the greatest upside of any RB since Tiki, and if he progresses he may even end up being better than Tiki...
1. Great Britain's Stacey Kemp and David King, who performed their free skate to Beatles music far better than they did at Skate Detroit in July
A&F sees a midsingle-digit decline in the fourth-quarter comp, but, with business improving on several fronts, expects full-year profits per share of $2.85 to $3, better than the $2.50 to $2.75 forecast in August.
AFL-CIO chief calls Warren 'prototype' of good president   -  AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said Tuesday that "it don't get no better" than Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) when it comes to possible holders of the Oval Office.
01-Fuel 02-The Memory Remains 03-Devil´s Dance 04-The Unforgiven II 05-Better Than You 06-Slither 07-Carpe Diem Baby 08-Bad Seed 09-Where The Wild Things Are 10-Prince Charming 11-Low Man´s Lyric 12-Attitude 13-Fixxxer
12 p.m.: Zits aside, my skin looks better than it has in a long time.
446), but is better known as Barsa, friend and correspondent of St. Basil of Caesarea, who has left two letters written to Barsa in a.d.
20 is divisible by 2, 1, 4, 5, and 10 (no better than 12, so the sharks still circle).
A 8" COM 3-5 round grouping I see being better than a 1" group in COM, because you have a better chance of damaging more vital parts in the BG by spreading the love a little.
ABBA will never tour again, but the band is alive once more and singing better than ever in the form of BABBA.
21. Reading comprehensionEvidence is beginning to emerge that readingcomprehension from reading on a digital tabletis better than reading from printed books anddesktop computer screens
3  c Therefore now, O Lord , please take my life from me, for d it is better for me to die than to live!"
5 years ago he was too small to be a power forward, but now that players at that position are getting shorter and shorter he fits there better than at the 3. Size isn't his problem.
A Darkened with Umbrae who hits Morality 0 dies and becomes a Darkspawn , a monster whose only impulse is to serve the Dark...which is far better than those who don't have Umbrae, who become Mnemosyne who retain their bodies and intellects... and nothing else .
Actually, it works better than in Snow Crash, because Barry has a way of walking the reader over the bridge from what we know about persuasion to his speculative fiction premise.
$1,800 later the rolled front fenders you see in these pictures were applied and, along with the doors, hood and trunk, adjusted to better than showroom alignment.
16 gold's is our greatest Olympic haul in 100 years, and better than that if the truth be told, the 1908 games including all manner off add events that contributed to the United Kingdoms 56 gold's, including tug-of-war and motor boating!
4 wins and one second place is better than 4 wins and seventh place, so although Martin Kodric (FA Kart / Vortex) was penalized 10'' for a jump start, Dorian Boccolacci (Intrepid / TM) was in the lead in the intermediate classification, according to the unofficial calculations from Kartcom.
1-4.-"If there is therefore any comfort in Christ, if any consolation of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any tender mercies and compassions, fulfil ye my joy, that ye be of the same mind, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind; doing nothing through faction or through vainglory; but in lowliness of mind, each counting other better than himself; not looking each of you to his own things, but each of you also to the things of others."
1. WarZone: "As One" 2. Gorilla Biscuits: "Better Than You" 3. Bold: "Talk Is Cheap" 4. Youth Of Today: "Together" 5. Sick Of It All: "My Life" 6. Side By Side: "Violence to Fade" 7. SuperTouch: "Searchin for the Light"
23 :Heat in the head and the hair falls out :The hair stands on end :The head feels heavy :Pain in the head in the morning on rising; in the forenoon; in the afternoon :Headache is better in the open air, by cold applications, by motion :
1. Coordinated control balances loads significantly better than uncoordinated when paths are fixed.
2 for sure Anime girl always better But dude, high school uniform is always better than naked... Naked girl leave man no much room of imagination, no matter in RL or anime For example when u go to brothel, see a woman naked is boring, i prefer to take all clothes off myself.. .
Absolutely, no one has ever done it better than Edie with that little messy pixie and those massive chandeliers.
According to the NEAP, while there has been a reduction in the gap -- Hispanic students between the 4th and 8th grades improved their reading scores by, on average, 6.75 points from 2003 to 2011, whereas white students have improved their scores on average only 2.24 points in the same period -- white students still perform better than Hispanic students at all grade levels.
(10:45 AM ET) BOSTON (MarketWatch) -- Shares of PVH Corp. PVH, -1.79% rose 6% to $93.64 early Tuesday after it issued a better-than-expected quarterly earnings report and raised its 2012 adjusted earnings forecast.
According to WSU, the research examines whether using marijuana, in conjunction with antipain medications such as morphine, relieves pain better than either drug alone.
After a while, it became clear that I sang the songs (which I wrote most of the time) better than our singer so he decided to leave the band shortly afterward, followed by his friend Fret, our solo guitar player.
1.)XV is tested and very well know, is fully supported everywhere, rigth now is better than anything in windows (at least in my experience) except when vdpau and UVD come to play, lol with XV even my old pc athlon x2 3800 was able to play H264 1080p videos without lost sync (i know is a nice cpu ofc XD but windows without gpu accel loose the sync in that pc )
4. Islands of Adventure: When building this park next to its Florida 'studio' park, Universal did something very unusual: they made a second park that was BETTER than the original.
Admittedly, this is partially wishful thinking, I am well aware the rest of the division is better this year as well.
1 day without the products will not make any difference at this stage, and it is better to be safe and make sure you are not having a reaction to anything.
A compact in your pocket is better than DSLR in your room, the... what the hell, even the Polo on the street is better than Bugatti in your garage.
After declaring Dallas nearly traded for Kobe Bryant while Cuban was practicing for Dancing With The Stars , Cuban is now saying he believes his squad is better off without Deron Williams .
__________________ A bad cruise is still better than a good week at work!!! Carnival Miracle!!!! Fascination, My Birthday Cruise! 09-24-06 Destiny 10-02-05 Valor My favorite yet!
1.Maybe it is better to play 5.Bf4 to develope the bishop first and then e3.
1 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil 1 cup Acini di Pepe 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts (6 oz breasts were used for calculation) 1/2 medium onion, thinly sliced 2 medium tomatoes, diced 3 garlic cloves, minced 4 strips lemon peel (2 inches each) Pinch of saffron 2 t chicken Better than bouillon mixed with 2 cups water 1/2 tsp coarse salt 1 cup frozen peas, thawed 1 lemon, cut into wedges, for serving
A bard could still improve on that since Inspire Courage is better, but maybe a leadership aura frees the bard up to cast an extra spell, or Use Magic Device.
550 home runs is very rare, in fact only one person hit 550 for quite a long time and to turn Cobb who specialized in so many other things into being better than Foxx, Williams, Musial or Gehrig perhaps, well, I think we are a little polluted by the home run numbers from '94-'2004 or so.
3. A life of death, illness, suffering and pain, together with the virtues made possible by death, illness, suffering and pain (e.g., courage, sacrificial love), as well as the possibility of the deeper union with God through the the Incarnation is better for the descendants of Adam and Eve than living in paradise without the deeper kind of union through the Incarnation.
$19.49 for 9 gallons of gatorade is way better than paying retail price for a quart at a time.
A fan (way to go, Mike!) took re-cut the many officially released John Carter trailers and put one together that tells the story (adapted from Edgar Rice Burroughs first novel A Princess of Mars ) better than they did.
@2:13 its true we do get shitted on in our own country but this mf dont give two fucks about that or us...remember the emmitt teal fiasco?..so disrespectful...there are millions waitin in line just prayin to become citizens of the united states..know why? cause its a HELLUVA lot better than those cartel crime ridden sink hole bombed on daily dictatorshipped gilligan island hut havin bullshit as well mfs they come from...there is more than one way to skin a cat...this nicca just stupid
09 Roddick would be a good chance, they played each other in that major so one would cancel out the other, but then again I can't imagine Roddick playing much better than he did in that 09 final and he still lost that one.
A 2009 study by RAND Corp., a nonprofit policy think tank, found retail clinics treated low-grade problems like sore throats and urinary tract infections just as well as doctors' offices and slightly better than emergency rooms.
Admittedly, Turkish soccer violence is almost certainly worse than the British variety, but it's easy to see why we pick on the Brits: (a) The Brits take their show on the road better than anyone (see 3. above); (b) Britain is, at this stage in history, the cultural armpit of Europe, which means that British smugness is especially grating.
( A detailed analysis by a NASA official who appears knowledgeable about such issues ranks Meteor in the middle of deadly-meteor movies, better than Armageddon but not as good as Deep Impact .)
A battery-operated compression belt buckled around the chest restores blood flow better than manual chest compressions and conventional CPR, according to a Johns Hopkins-led animal study.
About the only thing the Blazers don't do better than average is rebound and that shouldn't exactly be a concern against Boston.
A club operator may decide to include language that he thinks is worded better than the state requirement.
21 The usual punishment at the time was transportation to the penal colonies in Australia and as the Famine worsened this was a fate far better than dying of starvation or fever.
7. Billy Wagner is going to be better than Mariano Rivera (Do I need to even start on this one?)
[2] : The final resolution was better than a tenth of an arcsecond, that is, the angle sustained by a 2-cm coin seen from a distance of 40 km.
Absent a connection of this kind, one is doomed to become just another cog in an endless fruitless ideological argument about whose quantum theory of gravity is better (or at least, whose sucks less).
a 15 years old Western European is more mature, has more knowledge, is better educated, has more culture than a 40 years old American from south USA or the Bible Belt, and more political knowledge than these half-fascists from the republican party.
1)- I want to finish the revision to get to my (own) editor by Friday (including cutting down almost 2300 words that I've added since starting to revise-this is actually BETTER than where things were at last week).
A common remark of his is, " Vale mas estar tornado por valiente que serlo "-it is better to be thought brave than really to be so-and thus, by blustering and swaggering, he keeps the timid natives in subjection.
4.5 stars - Very Good - "...Ruth Brown's latest captures her spirit of sincerity better than any of her recordings since a long-ago meeting with Thad Jones and Mel Lewis...even the spaces Brown leaves between phrases are supercharged with meaning...."
A buoyant, visible dry fly tied twelve inches up the leader lets you track and manage your drift, something that, unless you have eyesight better than a blue heron, is quite difficult to pull off with minuscule, low-riding Trico spinner patterns.
10 doesnt even describe one sentence of this story, and I must say i am sorry that i have to rate it a ten, because it's so much better than that.
2012 4. Arian Foster , Texans running...back Why he matters: Sure, Matt Schaub is capable of throwing...for a lot of yards, but the Texans' success for the near term hangs...on defense and ball control, and nobody controls the ball better than...the Foster - Earl Campbell incarnate in terms of substance, if not...style - we've seen the last two seasons.
1. Walkman player with Better audio quality (Ace lacks) 2. Auto focus camera (Nokia 603 lacks) 3. Gingerbread out of the box and assured Ice cream sandwich update by SE (Ace lacks) 4. Timescape UI (Better than touchwiz of Samsung and belle of Nokia) 5. Pocket friendly dimensions
ADAM49: HEY ALEX YOU LOOK IN SHAPE THIS YEAR BETTER THAN LAST ALEX SMITH: WELL ADAM I TRY REAL HARD ADAM49: ESPECIALLY YOUR GLUTES DO YOU SQUAT ALOT?
After being threatened by the wicked Jezebel , he "went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a broom tree; and he asked that he might die, saying, "It is enough; now, O Lord, take away my life; for I am no better than my fathers."
A backcourt of Keyon Dooling, Mickael Pietrus, and Marquis Daniels feels a little better than one with Avery Bradley and Quis having to sometimes handle the ball.
2. Tarvaris Jackson I said in the pre-season that for the Seahawks to succeed in 2011, Jackson had to perform as well or better than 1999 Jon Kitna.
9+ hours of battery life (under real, actual usage!), a better-than-1080p resolution screen that is absolutely gorgeous, an actually usable for gaming and real work GPU (two GPUs, in fact), and general high quality parts and design.
A couple of the same race is better equipped to help the child adapt to being a member of that race in society.
1 cup white rice flour 1 cup of brown rice flour ½ cup oat flour 1 jar 4 oz sweet potato baby food ¼ cup creamy peanut butter ½ tsp garlic powder ½ tsp Better Than Boullion No Beef ½ cup water 1 tbs brown sugar
[ 38 ] According to Paul Brians in Common Errors in English Usage , " 'I feel bad' is standard English", and " 'I feel badly' is an incorrect hyper-correction by people who think they know better than the masses."
14 And when he was now ready to die, he spoke thus: It is better, being put to death by men, to look for hope from God, to be raised up again by him; for, as to thee, thou shalt have no resurrection unto life.
A bad day on a cruise is always better than a good day at work... Days 'til our Mexican Riviera Cruise... Pride..... May 2007 Victory... May 2006 Pride..... Sept 2004 Jubilee... Sept 1987
[0299] In some embodiments, maceration improves clot extraction because the clot is better formed.
5. I ignore retail pressure to shop this weekend -- The sales are never better than sales any other time of the year.
16. Seattle Seahawks (8-5): Yes, their record is one game better than the previous six teams, but if you cannot beat the Arizona Cardinals with a division title on the line, you get booted from the Head of the Class faster than Howard Hessman.
1 Corinthians 7:9 But if they have not self-control let them get married ; for married life is better than the burning of desire.
About half want the Israeli state to treat Jewish citizens better than it does Arabs, and 59% want majority-affirmative-action, i.e. preferences for Jews over Arabs in hiring.
A bit off topic, but still lager-related, an old boss of mine (dead a few years now) went on a brewery tour at Guinness Park Royal with the staff social club at work, and on trying the lager offered him, said "this is much better than than Harp piss they sell in my local"!!!!
1. Audrey Hepburn knew how to rock a bang and cigarette pants better than anyone.
"A DIZZYING DESCENT into the corporate hell of capitalism... while HARDSELL acknowledges our economic and societal future seems pretty bleak, it arrives at a conclusion many seem to embrace today, mainly that it is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness."
Additional studies , such as one by George Washington University's Charles B. Craver, have found that when parties collaborate, the size of the pie can increase by 400 percent-that is, the end value of the deal can be four times better than it would have been otherwise.
10 Take my instruction instead of silver, and knowledge rather than choice gold, 11 for wisdom is better than jewels, and all that you may desire cannot compare with her. 12 "I, wisdom, dwell with prudence, and I find knowledge and discretion.
After a glamorous relocation (I recall we put him up at the Holiday Inn at Logan Airport for 2 weeks), I threw him some god-awful analyst report on HR technology platforms and said, "can you write something better than this crap".
3. Randall Cobb is better than anything the Hawks have and would probably start for the Donks as a number 3. 4. Josh Sitton- Would start at LG on either team. 5. TJ Lang-would start for the Hawks 6. Eddie Lacy- would start for either team, no Lynch isn't as good.
After all, U.S. and Iranian interests have increasingly converged in the Middle East with the emergence of a common enemy, and no power in the region is better suited to taking on ISIS than Iran and its affiliated Shi'a militias in Iraq."
A few months later, in June 2010, the FBI arrested ten Russian spies who had long been operating in the United States, at which point Novoya Gazeta , a prominent newspaper in Russia (actually one of the best newspapers in the world, far better than any U.S. newspaper) was the first to report that former Russian intelligence officials alleged  that the ring leader of those ten Russian spies had been none other than Dvoskin .
[0142] Tests were conducted to determine which technology performed significantly better than a control gum on consumers' perceptions of key mouth moistening attributes.
A 1.5V alkaline battery performs better than a 1.2V NiMh.
A couple of days ago I turned to flowjo (really only a beginner) for some Cell cycle analysis because I wanted to try something new (and better) than an old version of ModFIT I was already using with my FACSCalibur.
1. Gnome is better than KDE. 2. The BSD license IS freer than the GPL. 3. Windows and Microsoft are evil.
2. ask about challenge mode (gold) i have 4 silvers and want to go for gold ^^ so think that frost spec is better then fire, but i don't really sure about this on gold all need a lot of aoe, and from 2 question, may be we need non_glyphed combust for trash?
1) Reagan 69 years, 349 days (senility affected second term) 2) William Henry Harrison, 68 years, 23 days (Died of pneumonia 32 days into his presidency -- medical care is better these days) 3) James Buchanan, 65 years, 315 days 4) George H.W. Bush, 64 years, 222 days 5) Zachary Taylor, 64 years, 100 days (died in office of stomach ailment.
1] A record of losses 48 out of 51??!!......General George Armstrong Custer did better than that!
2007 All-Ford Auto Show 'n' ShineNMRA Ford Nationals Auto Show & Shine The Ultimate All-Ford Auto Show ExperienceThis year marks the ninth season for the NMRA Ford Nationals, and it's bigger and better than ever.
Actually, the Danes may know their McDonald's history better than most Americans.
195.2, Wilkinson submitted her long poem "Letter to Hy Children" to Contemporary.Verse which Crawley.accepted with alacrity, relieved that her slump was over: I like the long poem, i t is real AW work in every way and much better than the others, you sent me some months ago.
6 months on alpha lipoic acid for insulin resistance and it has worked better than pharma drugs with no side effects.
Add water, better than bouillon, black pepper, thyme, and marjoram, cover and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30-40 minutes.
10. Conclusion The fact that even nations with lower per capita income such as Bangladesh and Pakistan are scoring far better than India on various sanitation indicators serves as a wakeup call.
(1) T he brahmin [Jada Bharata] said: 'Lacking in experience using the terms of the experienced ones, does not make you better than the ones with experience!
[0096] An additional advantage of the present invention is that polarization-modulating optical elements or the optical system according to the present invention can be used for adjusting the polarization distribution and also for temperature compensation of the polarization distribution in a microlithography projection system as described in FIG. 8. Advanced microlithography projection systems require in some applications a predefined polarization distribution at the reticle 853 with an accuracy of about 5° or even better, in some cases even better than 1°.
[65] burn better than heretics ] The medieval European punishment of death by burning for heresy persisted into the seventeenth century, and was a particular feature of the Marian era (1553-1558) in England.
5. Poetry Is: a) better than cheese b) the same as cheese c) deeply intertwined with cheese at all levels d) different from cheese e) like cheese, sorta f) a mode of cheese "language" g) dissonant, yet, somewhat cheesy h) political in the same way as cheese i) more/less important than cheese j) cheese, the last time I checked.
According to the three-month outlook from the U.S. Climate Prediction Center, the odds are better than even that Oregon and Washington, as well as California, Nevada and parts of Arizona, Utah, Idaho and Montana, will experience above normal temperatures.
After going out just under 1.95, 10yr yields are already down under 1.90 at the start of the European session after S&P downgraded Spain right after Domestic bond markets closed (so much for phantom forces of resistance...) If this move is maintained throughout the overnight session, and isn't "undone" by better-than-expected GDP, it will be seen as the first attempt at kick-starting momentum after the recent sideways slide between 1.95-ish and 2.04-ish 10yr yields.
15: So, actually, they weren't, but they deluded themselves into thinking they were, for the disease of the mind made them think that they were better than nature.
5) Three of Hearts Better than reality TV, this outstanding documentary about two gay men and the woman they both love and live with spoke volumes about sexual identity, relationships, and what it means to make a family.
1. Momentum - Whether Germany were better than England doesn't matter.
3)   The Green Toys Racecars Available in blue or pink , this cool hot rod is better than any hybrid, and proudly displays the #2 recycled plastic symbol from which it is made on its hood.
2. There is a widespread habit among certain Western elites - and among the public at large - to think that the West knows what is better for Russia than Russia itself.
[ADDED: He was saying Clinton was better than Obama: "In the Senate [Obama] has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done, nor has he been willing to take on powerful interest groups in the Democratic Party.
15 yo nude lolitas wow , this is one of the hottest redheads i have ever seen ,, my panties are getting so wet watching her enjoy that big cock ,, and frankly i am very jealous photo lolli nn models i have a big dildo in my ass, mmmmmm delicious i like it a lot, no thing better than be fucked by a shemale, i love dicks and eating cum, www cp sexlol net I almost blew my nut just listening to her.
014:59:18 Lind: It looks like you've got a pretty good platform up there, since the last P52 you had - you show about 1.4 in negative drift in Z, and the other two axes are better than that, so we're quite pleased with that down here.
2:04 pm: Morse jumped on and gave everyone the bad news about Bartz being sick and the good news about the better-than-expected net income, while also updating all the various happenings of the quarter.
201 Nevertheless, some review is better than none at all, especially when national security laws threaten the inherent checks and balances of coalition politics.
After all, their employment can be considered little better than an apology for idleness and vagrancy.
2011 Champion 3-Year-Old Filly Royal Delta is back and she's been looking better than ever.
A few days later, Bush took his message to Egypt, stating that, "We must stand with the good and decent people of Iran and Syria, who deserve so much better than the life they have today.
A bowl of cereal would always sound better than a piece of fruit... Now on a (moderate) low carb diet, I crave brussel sprouts and cabbage and often eat 9 servings of fruit/veg a day, voluntarily.
1) In general, reading a line at a time and processing it right then works out better than slurping all the data into an array which is then later processed line by line anyway.
Actually, what I like about the ending of the film version of "Fahrenheit" is that it actually reflects Bradbury's own persona and philosophy-his literary "voice," if you will-better than the harder-edged ending of Bradbury's own novel.
After a year of trying, and with a small group of us from our old club spending all last year windsurfing and trying to copy the pros in action from Robin Hood Watersports at Pugneys Country Park, Wakefield, with just our parents for support, the manager at Pugneys Watersports, Steve Cerrone, got together with two coaches, Roy and Chris, and last October our new club officially formed - bigger and better than we could have ever imagined.
A friend says it works much better than the Comet and gasoline that his father used for taking varnish off his hands.
2006 300 - Dilios 2004 Van Helsing - Carl 2003 After the Deluge (TV) - Alex Kirby 2003 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King - Faramir 2002 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers - Faramir 2002 The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course - Sam Flynn 2001 Moulin Rouge - Audrey 2001 Russian Doll - Ethan 2000 Better than Sex - Josh
According to Blake's acquaintance Allan Cunningham , at the sitting Blake and Phillips talked of paintings of angels, and Blake said that the Archangel Gabriel had told him that Michelangelo could paint an angel better than Raphael could.
1. Sugarsync/Dropbox 2. Go SMS Pro (way better than stock SMS app) 3. Nova/Apex Launcher.
A Final Fantasy adventure exclusive to the Wii (and better than XIII, if I do say so myself), Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers (take a deep breath after you say that long title) was an action-adventure game that starred a young male named Layle with telekinetic powers.
$25 an hour is far better than what it pays where I live - here it's $15 an hour, and the people I know who do this kind of work typically only have a couple clients a week.
1st of all Rondo is and will always be better than Paul, well maybe except for the composure.
100th Anniversary of Tarzan and John Carter of Mars - Big Edgar Rice Burroughs fan here, and I thought the recent JC movie was much better than its box office receipts would suggest.
1) He can kill the ball better than anyone in baseball, and when he leaves the ping-pong table to play baseball he's pretty good too.
1. We respect Rams middle linebacker James Laurinaitis, but he has to play better than we've seen so far this season.
3) Princeton is the one men's lacrosse team in the country that is an absolute must-see, because of the wondrous talent of sophomore Tom Schreiber, who is as good as any player TB has ever seen play here, with the possible exceptions of Jesse Hubbard and Ryan Boyle (and there are things he does better than either of those two all-time legendary greats).
8. Tony Stewart Has not finished better than 14th in his last five Bristol races.
A former high level City department head gave Burke the nickname, Lex Luther of Superman fame, which is better than oily eddie.
A circle or other geometric shape, the outline of a fish or other creature, or a large spiral -- like a spring -- will work better than a more complex design that would be obscured by the growing vine.
600 dpi optical resolution and CCD image sensor A CCD image sensor performs much better than what a CIS image sensor can do in depth of field, speed and color presentation.
39 392014Three Days Grace I Hate Everything About You 350 Skillet Monster 259 Korn Limp Bizkit Metallica Eminem Disturbed Cypress hill Crazy town Linkin Park Shout 612 Thousand Foot Krutch Take It Out On Me 3 - dj Don4ik remixThree Days Grace Over And Over 312 30 Seconds To Mars Do or Die 411 Marilyn Manson Sweet Dreams Are Made of This 453 Papa Roach Take Me 326 Skillet Better Than Drugs 357 Skillet Whispers In The Dark 324
1 ounce Cointreau (better than triple sec, or one of those "margarita mixes")
4. A label material that is better for the environment than a polyvinyl chloride label.
11:48 im sorry noah (qq) im da best slut 11:48 I'm back 11:48 You and pram are both wrong @ sloth 11:49 I can name thirty-two sluts better than you! 11:49 And one of them is me! 11:49 what about me sarah?
According to "History of Marietta and Washington County, Ohio and Representative Citizens" published in 1902, Beverly settlers faired better than their Belpre counterparts in the first year, in that they had a fair crop of corn in the fall of 1789.
£100 really is a dividing point between two footwear worlds - spend a bit over that mark and you get into the realm of Herring, Meermin, Loake, which are all much better than brands just below the mark (Dune, Hudson...) and a completely different ballgame than high-street chain stuff.
3 Channel Mixer LED Level Meter Power On/Off Switch w/LED Indicator Separate Bass/Treble Tone Control Master Level Control Assignable Cue/Monitor w/Level Control Level Control for Built in Sound Effects: Emergency,Tron,Machine Gun, UFO,Laser, Siren Phono/Line Selector Mic 2 Hi/Low Impedance Selector DJ Mic 1 Talkover Switch Fader Control 1/4'' Mic Input CD Ready Input: 4 Line, 2 Phono Output: 1 Amp, 1 Rec Rack Mountable Frequency Response: 20Hz-20kHz S/N Ratio Better Than 60db THD Less than 0.05% Dimensions: 15''W x 6.75''D x 3''H
3. Looking at reliability data (consumer reports, message boards) its my opinion (and I am not an expert by any means) that Mitsubishi is better than American manufacturers with regard to reliability, but lags behind Toyota and possibly Nissan as well, but probably better than Isuzu.
4. Soul Eternal (HP +500) lv4 of this astro show you 2000 HP, for us healing Mage, we need this better than Angelic Wings(Block +216) and Dragon's Breth(Reduce dmg by 3%) 5. Soul of Grace (Disable crit, increase dmg by 5%) Mage act as class of DPS, we dont need crit at all, and rate of crit for mage is low, so this is your first option.
80% Not quite got the X factor Source: Pocket Lint After all that we get the feeling the earlier Nexus 5, from 2013, looks and feels much better than the current Nexus 5X.
2 pkgs frozen chopped spinach 2 cans artichoke hearts (chopped and strained) 1 onion, chopped 1/4 cup margarine or olive oil 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper Salt/pepper/onion powder/garlic powder -- to taste 8 oz Better Than Cream Cheese or other veg cream cheeze 8 oz shredded veggie mozzarella cheese 4 oz fresh firm Tofu, creamed 4 oz double-strength soymilk or Coffee Rich 4 oz grated soy Parmesan
A division of toy icon Mattel, Fisher Price knows battery operated ride on toys better than anyone else having manufactured the Power Wheels line of electric ride on trucks and cars for over 30 years.
5 Pros Hybrid fuel efficiency (although a Volkswagen Golf Bluemotion is better) The Insight takes regular unleaded, unlike many other hybrid vehicles such as the Toyota Prius 5 out of 5 star safety and it is built in Japan by Honda so it should be reliable Pretty decent boot Looks are at least not boring 5 Cons The Toyota Prius C is now a much cheaper hybrid Not really for corners (or fun...) Tight rear seat space Reports that it suffers from [...]
1 Maccabees 3:59 For it is better for us to die in battle, than to behold the calamities of our people and our sanctuary.
A Distorted Humor filly descending from multiple classic producer Better Than Honour sold for $1 million to Charlotte Weber's Live Oak Plantation to pace the action during Monday night's opening session of the Fasig-Tipton Saratoga selected yearling sale at the Humphrey S. Finney Pavilion in Saratoga Springs, N.Y.
A civil suit would result in a genuine victory and reform in BPD, but you know better than the rest of us about your state of finances and willingness of the legal talent.
Aeroflot deserves the same rating as Lufthansa, and a bit better than Air France.
According to most accounts, he took getting fired better than Sting and Stewart Copeland took having to fire him.
3. If you think you are protecting your lens with a filter... guess again... get a lens hood it will absorb shock on a drop much better than a filter.
47 And the servants of the king have gone in to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne; and the king worshipped upon his bed.
2. In the aforementioned comment, defend which is better, the ninja, or the ninja assassin.
A different workaround places a 'nop' at the start of the __restore_flags routine, but I believe it is better to fix the problem at the source of the hazard.
2- More concentration on dissertation to complete ASAP is better than engagement in teaching and research experiences.
After all, the only thing we like better than watching another human being elevated above the common throng and singled out by Paula Abdul for their extraordinary talent is watching someone ground so thoroughly under Gods boot heel (God has a Western thing) that this happens to them:
"1 looked over the situa tion and decided that Provo is the best resident city in tha state, lu my estimation it is better than Salt Lake.
Add all that up - the sharpness, the low noise, the not-bad zoom - and there are no two ways about it: the 1020 takes the best photos we've ever seen from a phone, better than an iPhone, better than a Galaxy S4, better than a Lumia 925.
13.25 Iron Man 2 - much better than I expected (CGI Iron Man still looks cheap) and I was surprised by 4 year old was really into the robot fight part(s).
According to a new study published in the Journal of Physical Activity and Health , subjects who did a quick 20-minute yoga session before taking a series of tests measuring their memory and impulse control, did a lot better than those who walked or even ran on a treadmill for 20 minutes prior to test-taking.
According to my past experiences, there isn't going to be much change in the turf coloration even with water soluable synthetic N... it has been so dry for so long, that it will be interesting to see what happens with the fert this year... Spring application is better than an ineffectual Fall fertilization,,, but then some say that Fall fertilization goes into Thanksgiving time here in CentroWisco...
Admiral Cunningham, in a message read in Australia's House of Representatives, commented: "Nobody will appreciate the 'scrap' better than the officers and men of the Australian destroyers."
According to his report, and I would assume he would know better than you he was actually there, (and if you were there and attempting to leak some confidential information that makes you the biggest amoral douche in the post) he was removed not because of any past grievances or even the issue of having the cell phone.
[1]A better-than-forecast report on U.S. hiring in May[2] from the Labor Department pushed gold sharply lower in Friday trading.
1. Joe Frazier 2. George Foreman 3. Sonny Liston 4. Ken Norton 5. Jerry Quarry (Dunno Im really struggling here someone could fill in 5 better than me)
#1 is better than #3, but me no likey too much cold, if when properly prepared for the winds that blow that bone chilling air in your face.
1. Brokenhearted - Karma 2. Some nights - Fun 3. Somebody that I used to know - Gotye 4. Who knew - Pink 5. Raise your glass - Pink 6. Times Like These - Foo Fighters 7. Factory of Faith - Red Hot Chili Peppers 8. Battle Scars - Guy Sebastian featuring Lupe Fiasco 9. Better Than - John Butler Trio 10.Dream Catch Me - Newton Faulkner 11.
2012 is definitely the return of Jean-Claude Van Damme, with The Expendables 2 and 6 Bullets, one thing is for certain; Van Damme is back and better than ever!
After experiencing a 4-0 shutout by the New Jersey Knockouts last week in U.S. Chess League play, the Boston Blitz could do no better than a drawn match on Wednesday night, October 28, against the Miami Sharks in front of spectators gathered at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge.
9.) Short sentences are easier to read and flow better than long ones.
2. Your long haul C and F product are long out of date, business class seats on many airlines are far better than your F seats, the passengers up front are the ones airlines chase and make most money on, while you drive them away!
1. it REALLY irks me, yanks my shorthairs, twists my knickers and what not when I see a re-write, song cover, movie reinterpretation that gets hailed as original, great, best ever, while I'm sitting there saying 'crappy re-do of someone else's original work, why don'tchya try creatin summtin original' (and the answer I get back is almost always 'don't know what you're talking about grandpa, this is way better than that dusty old thing you're whining about'
2oz of hops @12mins is too much late hops for an Irish Red, your 2nd example is better
2. I guess my point is that if you think WHEN YOU REACH ME enables the reader to make inferences better than CATCHING FIRE does, then it would behoove you to explain why that is the case because otherwise it smacks of favoritism rather than having any basis in objective criteria that we can apply to both books.
Actually, I think the search function works even better than in Windows 7 because 1) you don't need to click on a specific button but instead just click anywhere on the screen that isn't a tile and more importantly 2) searching on Windows 8 Metro mode not only allows you to search settings and applications already on your computer but also for apps in the Windows Store and for items within certain, installed apps, like eBay or Amazon.
5. Better Than Ezra - Sincerely, Me: BTE was cool back in the post-grunge days of the mid-90s.
"3D is back, better than ever, and it's here to stay" is what I'm hearing, but what I'm seeing is a slate of the same old, and I imagine parents--the ones who pay the freight for the goggle-eyed tots expected to drive the business--will resent having to ante up again and again for the glasses, which add a few bucks to the cost of a ticket.
Actress Cynthia Nixon, who came out as gay in 2004 and has a son with her partner Christine Marinoni in addition to two children from the former's previous relationship, told the New York Times  in an interview about her new Broadway play Wit,  she had been subject to a backlash after telling a gay audience: "I've been straight and I've been gay, and gay is better."
A 9.7 !? That means it must be a whole 5% better than DOA Xtreme Beach Volleyball which got a 9.2 from IGN! ;)Holy cow, I didn't know that.
A 3-year-old bay son of Slickly-Lunaa, by Anabaa, Mobaco was a length better than runner-up Gris Caro (With Approval), with favored Abtaal (Rock Hard Ten) finishing another length back in third.
Add to that the fact that I am serious, don't smile much, am practical, factual, logical, read almost strictly non-fiction, obsess on things, always got along better with adults, like animals WAY, WAY better than people, find small talk a big waste of time and am bad at it, am socially clueless, have trouble picking the right smiley face icon to go with my post on forums, always had trouble making friends, etc and on and on.
4. Hats off to whoever improved James Jones' defense-he's now able to draw a charge and his close out on perimeter players and rebounding is better.
98. Lee Roy Selmon - The person that was interviewed for him was Ron Wolf, who said he was better than Reggie White.
1. Download a time-tracking widget Downloading a widget works better than keeping a text or excel file of start and stop times for each task.
3. Because bigger is better still seems to be Fed policy, JPM Chase could acquire Bank of America - Merrill Lynch, creating one of the largest, federally subsidized banking firms in the world.
1) Charge Advantage: a) Allows Malaconda to hit Gyarados hard as well as other flying types and boosts SpD as well b) Only boosts one stage and thus not broken like Amnesia, also does not boost offense much (STAB attacks unboosted) 2) Feather Dance Advantage: Prevents people from blindly Mach Punching Malaconda because after Feather Dance Mach Punch a gimmick Apart from those consider these as well: 1) Telekinesis: What better than this?
2) As a matter of practical policy, the question is not whether the free market's social welfare function is perfect, but whether it's better than the alternative.
[ 6 ] It is better to sow them as soon as ripe, either in cold frames or seedbeds outdoors, [ 61 ] where they can be left in situ for 1 to 2 years before being planted in their permanent positions, [ 58 ] or in pots, where the plants can be put out into their permanent positions in summer or autumn.
#2 - we have a good team, one thats wayyyyyyyyy better than if we had shaq back, and youre telling us that gasol and bynum dont work on their game, bynum has improved GREATLY EVERY year and this is Pau's 1st full year of the triangle coming up, hell he learned on the fly this last season, and yo uthink thats why we dont have a good team?
Actually, lemme backtrack....I do think Quantum is better than everyone says it is.
3. Thanks to Oregon's Ron Wyden, the Senate bill contains a provision that will allow employees of companies that offer health care plans to go to a public exchange, if the exchange offers a plan they like better than the benefits they're getting on the job.
8/22/2014 Seems to breathe better than the poly/cotton version as I have both and the nylon/cotton is lighter material so can manuever better playing airsoft...the poly/cotton would be better in Winter time and possibly going through thick brush...would purchase either again just depends on one's preference in material...
acute when fixed on what happens next; whereas literature, sooner or later, is about the meaning behind events.? This explains better than anything else I know why it is that the finest movies seem to have been made not from first- but from second-rate fiction: The Maltese Falcon (Dashiell Hammett), The Postman Always Rings Twice (James M. Cain), Farewell My Lovely (Raymond Chandler), The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (B.
3. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Dawn is the next entry in the "sequels that are better than their already good predecessors" cannon.
Actually, if you can convince them to get on the BART, you should go to Oakland-- the Trappist in downtown has delicious beers, the food in Chinatown is better and less touristy than most of SF Chinatown.
4 HDMI in 1 HDMI out At LEAST 100 w/ channel Minimum 7.1 GUI interface that will show volume on TV (wife insists) Some type of self tuning setup (Audyssey, the Pioneer one, etc.)... coming from having nothing ANYTHING would be an improvement, but I guess better is better A GOOD video upscaling processor Something that is good build quality
08/16/2005 10:26:28   decreased for companies unless access to US capital markets is fundamental to success; duplication of effort (eg IFRS plus SarbOx); too much bureaucracy for investors, no real change, IFRS, UK Combined Code etc are just as good if not better than SarbOx
Abstract: extensively tested in combination with the short-wave receiver described in the January 1999 issue of , There's nothing better than a long-wire antenna for shortwave reception, but not everyone has the , coverage receiver for more than just listening to the BBC World Service or the Voice of America (VOA , long-distance short-wave reception a bit more seriously, you will soon find that you need something better.
A DNC spokesperson welcomed the news today, saying that anyone from a planet governed by the Rules of Socialist Acquisition is better than a Republican candidate, and that this minor anecdote shouldn't distract the voters from the real issues.
After all, Aoki did say this fight was between Japanese MMA and American MMA so maybe now he thinks American MMA is better and wants to learn it from the man who beat him.
A first-out sprint winner Oct. 20 at Santa Anita, Taste Like Candy finished 1 1/4 lengths in front of Untapable, who was a nose better than 17-10 favorite Rosalind.
Advocates assure us that EVs will retain their value better than conventional cars despite the fact that the battery packs that represent up to half of the vehicle cost are consumable and wear out over time.
72: Hydra Finger Gauntlets These are probably better than Pahluwan, Wyrm and Drachen+1 in terms of Accuracy hands.
Acorn Bread Recipe 1 cup acorn flour 1 cup wheat flour or all-purpose flour 1 egg (1 1/2 is better) 2 tablespoons oil 3/4 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon baking powder 3/4 cup maple syrup 1/4 cup milk
3. ' He who meditates on will as Brahman, he, being himself safe, firm, and undistressed, obtains the safe, firm, and undistressed worlds which he has willed; he is, as it were, lord and master as far as will reaches - he who meditates on will as Brahman.' ' Sir, is there something better than will ?
After a sizzling day in the sun, there is nothing better than a cool summer night.
.$31.49 36x63 inches $7.89 8.3x10.6 feet $44.74 9x12 feet .... $48.74 (Elsewhere this is $55.00) SEAMLESS, REVERSIBLE ART RUGS At Less Than Our Regular Lowast-in-the-City Prices I'or general wear and tear, where good appearance is highh regarded- and e:onom the moving consideration -we can recommend nothing better than these particular Rug-,.
08/01 Marathon: Durandal (a worthy port) 09/05 Stranglehold (far better than I expected) 10/23 Tomb Raider Anniversary for Xbox 360 10/23 Ace Combat 6: Fires of Liberation (but then I adore Ace Combat games) 10/23 Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney: Trials and Tribulations 10/24 Exit (another worthy port) 11/06 Silent Hill Origins 11/06 Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga (for those like me who missed the earlier ones) 11/20 Mass Effect
A clinical trial of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole as a less expensive alternative for treating toxoplasmosis was presented, however it was not found to be better than pyrimethamine-sulfadiazine.
1 tbsp Butter small onion, chopped 2 garlic cloves, minced 3 apples, cored and chopped (leave skin on for healthy fiber) 16oz water 2 tsp better than bouillon not chicken stock 2 bananas, chopped 2 tbsp honey (taste before adding, add to taste, I found the sauce a little on the sweet side) 1 tbsp ground turmeric 1/2 tbsp curry powder 2 tbsp ketchup 1 tsp ground pepper
(1) Jimmy Sheckard (2nd)-- I wouldn't bet a finger that he is better than the OF's I've got in the twenties (Thompson, Tiernan, Browning, Cravath) but I've got to rank them no matter how close the top 30 are and his combination of career, peak, and prime plus offense, defense, and speed pushes him into the Stovey-Kelley-Keeler range and to the top of this ballot.
A big read headline ala (but better than): "this is why this costs more" and printing out your (well-crafted) story - giving the consumer the info that most of us (me) had no idea went into the whole deal - this is educating the buyer and letting them make the decision.
2) Christ thus appears nobler, and the unity of His life is better made manifest, since it is the unity of the Savior's life, who is merciful and also victorious over sin, the devil, and death.[363]
A free Sierra Nevada certainly tastes a hundred times better than an $8 Corona (this is a confirmed fact now).
02:13:00:00 like winning the lottery and you realise that a lot of good people are not selected in your year, it doesn't mean that you're better than anyone else.
1. 'Hope (â s â) is better than memory.
Abilities include raising the dead, summoning gargoyles and doing one better than Batman by actually disappearing into a crowd of bats; fairly useless but pretty darn satisfying at the same time.
A day late, but we actually found the food on the Big Island much better than on Maui.
631 B), the acknowledgment that peace and reconciliation are better than the appeal to the sword (i.
4. Spirit of Immortals (HP +500) lv4 of this astro show you 2000 HP, for you healing Mage, we need this better than Angelic Wings(Block +216) and Dragon's Breth(Reduce dmg by 3%) 5. Soul of Achilles (Disable crit, increase dmg by 5%) Mage act as class of DPS, they dont need crit at all, and rate of crit for mage is low, so this is your first option.
[55] There is an increased risk of mortality when urosepsis is present with severe sepsis and septic shock [56] ; however, the global prognosis for patients with urosepsis is better than that for those with sepsis from other infectious sites.
After all, one implication of a 6000 year old universe is that it could be no more than 6000 light years across - a notion so patently idiotic that even the stupidest fundies know better than to try asserting it.
1) The math will not be pretty for our area because our home property values have fared better than other areas of the County, which means the County must depend on our property taxes to compensate for shortfalls , if services for all County residents are to be protected.
Admit that you're nostrums have failed, that human nature cannot be changed by policies created in DC and the liberty and capitalism, while not perfect, clearly work better than centralized crony capitalism.
16. Organizing laws #1-Relentlessly process e mails, letters # 2- make decisions even if they have to be revised later #3- Fool proof follow up #4- sometimes verbal discussions are better than e mails #5- Return all tele calls within 24 hours #6- Manage rather than control change #7- Give one hour of priority time to yourself daily #8 Spotlight thinking # 9 Multi tasking?
2. If we would have had Bubu during against the teams we lost to he might have been able to come in and play better than Lucious did, which might have led to a couple more victories.
Additionally, angioplasty is better at relieving the chest pain associated with angina , says researcher William Boden, MD, of Buffalo General Hospital/Kaleida Health in Buffalo, N.Y.
9pm] $10 - Microsoft Points 1600 Points Card $149.99 - 3DS Holiday Bundle (Flame Red 3DS + Super Mario Land 3D$199.99 - Vita WiFi + free Lego Batman 2Sears [Thursday 8PM to Friday 1PM]$99 - Wii Black Bundle (Wii Sports/Sports Resort) Old Navy (lol)Free New Super Mario Bros Wii U with $40 purchase, limited supply --------------------- For full listings of entire stores, you can't do better than Cheap Ass Gamer's awesome guide.
aaron harang is better than barry zito.
62 You recognize now which are the more excellent, for light is better than shadow, truth than a figure, the Body of its Giver than the manna from heaven.
A 70 year old Kirk would still be better than any of that Ds9,Voy,Enterprise bullshit that has nearly killed Star Trek since they they threw Kirk off that fucking cliff.
A few weeks ago, I tried a UV light twice a day for 1 minute each treatment and it seemed to help and actually looked better than ever, but then the hives came again and were moving up my leg.
A daughter of Unbridled's Song, Exogenetic provides Super Ninety Nine with the same broodmare sire as the group one winner Better Than Ever, as well as the graded stakes winners Etched, Hold Me Back, and Out of Bounds.
3. Calcium silicate board would be much better than vermiculite concrete and quite suitable.
A carbon tax or cap-and-trade system in the U.S. - and globally - would serve the energy industry better than the current slate of piecemeal state and federal regulations, Shell Oil Co. President Marvin Odum said Tuesday at a University of Houston energy symposium on "Carbon Tax: Is It the Right Time?"
19 a peculiar sympathy of circumstances....Who better than you can feel and appreciate misery which language is so little able to describe[?]" 25 Ultimately, the South Carolina legislature took the advice of its governor and kept its militia at home.
07-29-2008 22:57 - - - The little geese must have there wings, been seein a few flocks hittin the wheat strips out by work already, nothin better than hearing the wings and honks of a low flying flock in the morning!
02-03-2012, 07:20 AM Procaps Direct V-Force Grill I picked up the Grillz because it was the new mask that V-Force released that was being billed as better than the Profiler.
Absolutely no-one in the world knows better than Benedict how this works for a Pope, because when John Paul II was failing he was the Grand Vizier .
After an afternoon at Wrigley Field watching the Cubbies, there wasn't much better than riding the Red Line down to Division Street and picking up some of that famous fried chicken.
"2002 will be better than 2001 and 2003 looks even better."
22x30 acrylics on Strathmore Gemini 140 lb cold press paper, a reworked image from a week ago, and I hope this image experiment is better than the pastel blah that it was.
1) Your website has changed with a negative SEO result 2) A competitor(s) website(s) have changed, performing better than yours, moving above your site in the rankings for various keywords, therefore meaning less people click your website.
1 whole kosher organic roasting chicken 1 medium yellow onion (sliced) 2 large stalks of celery (sliced) 1/2 cup matzoh meal 2 tbsp Smart Balance canola/olive oil 1 tsp Better than Bullion (turkey) 1 tsp celtic sea salt
1. KWin - just behaves as a window manager should (compositing, wobbly, invert effect) 2. System Tray - Really nice widget which does not disturb the work flow 3. KWrite - very nice editor 4. Okular - best pdf reader 5. Dolphin - ok and better than rest but not the best 6.
(2) Since the surface finish of glass-ceramics is typically better than that of an alumina substrate base, the desired finer line metallization is possible with the glass-ceramic substrate base, as compared with alumina which does not allow 12 μm wide lines.
19) think they're better than everyone else, so it makes sense to theme the present around their name.
4/4/2015 - In the search for a safe and effective treatment for the Ebola virus, researchers from Texas have discovered a novel compound found in a natural Chinese herb that they say works better than any experimental pharmaceutical or vaccine at blocking the virus from interacting with cells, thus preventing...
18. Philadelphia - I refuse to believe that this team is better with Kolb and McCoy than they were with McNabb and Westbrook.
About Genentech: We reiterate our Outperform as Q2 results were generally better than expected with upside EPS primarily from sales to partners and core U.S. oncology.
Advertising in television is faring better than in other markets, boosted mainly by investments in sports programming.
[ 47 ] Helen O'Hara of Empire gave Extinction a score of two stars out of five, saying that while the film was "better than Resident Evil: Apocalypse " and had "an effectively creepy empty world setting", she felt that it was "nevertheless scuppered by a lack of coherence."
A Dragoon or Warrior is better AoE wise because if he get´s aggro, the targets don´t move away from he others melees, while THM/Black Mage with aggro from AoE just taking away the mobs from the others by trying to kite the target... and Dragoon can selfheal or stun/slow targets to prevent need beeing healed too much while AoEing - this, just beeing sayed, is better than sleep imo.
2006 ILLUSTRATOR: I worked on a line of pro-model skateboards, tons of magazines, fashion brands identities, and several advertising campaigns... Plus I lived in Buenos Aires (Argentina) where the meat is better.
12 Court justice step 2010 Video Music Hey, it was better than 'The Magic Hour'... Saturday, down to go into Awards Pre-Show 11:35pm.
Actually its a very nice piece, well constructed (i hope its not copy and paste) though i dont believe that alpha males (according to your definition) are necessarily better than beta males in so many other regards.
41c !! that's getting warm We are having a warm january here, hovering around the freezing point, which is much better than the normal -7 to -16 c.. however I am off to the dutch antilles in 3 days where the temp never varies more than a degree or 2.. 30c day 27c night .
About Tim Dunkan - he is center playing PF position - at first due to the presence of David Robinson who at his peak years was better than Dunkan (in terms of talent, numbers).
Accuracy rates of voice stress analysis, while better than 50%, were not reaching the 70%-80% range that a polygraph can produce.
According to the coalition, a two-high-schools option is better socially and financially.
2 Samuel 18:3 King James Bible But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city.
5 Reasons My Approach to Social Justice Work is Better than Yours
(4:19 PM ET) NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- Shares of Yelp YELP, -4.39% surged 7.1% in after-hours trade after the Internet review service reported better-than-expected second-quarter results, including a first-ever profit as a public company, and lifted its full-year sales outlook.
[ 30 ] Kitty Empire, writing in The Observer , said that it is "better than average" as a "latterday Eminem album" that shows, "in bursts, Eminem's health is very nearly rude."
17. Jimmie Johnson , No. 48 Chevrolet, Hendrick Motorsports Better than his finish last week at Kansas, Johnson could have still had a better night in the Bank of America 500 .
12oz bottle; no freshness date, bottle says 6.8% ABV, brewer's website says 6.4% ABV L - hazy amber with a thinner ivory head that fades to a foam atop the ale S - caramel malt, bread, earth, and some pine, faintly fruity T - fruity, caramel, bread crust, pungent pine and citrus, earth F - medium body, resinous, very bitter and dry finish with the pine lingering O - better than the other Church Street offerings I've had.
About three episodes in I actually found myself liking Tower of Druaga better than similar fantasy shows like Legend of Legendary Heroes or Fairy Tale mainly because of the characters and how they really develop individually as well as relationally not to mention this show has some of my absolutely favorite voice actors especially for Jil (Todd Haberkorn), cute little Coopa (Monica Rial) and Melt the snobby wizard (Chuck Huber) and on and on.
10% back is better than 4% or 2%). 4. Click from the best rebate portal (while logged in) to the store of your choice and make your purchase.
#1: You are NOT a solo split pusher There has got to be a champion on your team that can solo split push better than you.
2.68 K/BB 2.7 BB/9 1.15 HR per 9 These are very good stats (better than mid-pack), and, of course, most of the heroes behind these numbers are Cashman's mid-season pick-ups.
A combination of mixed feed, cotton- seed, barley and oats, gave results than mixed feed good stabling better than reading farm and dairy better than none: winter dairying bet- ter than summer dairying.
1/2- Tie- Amber & Derek and Corbin & Karina: I didn't love either dance but they were a hell of a lot better than the rest.
[19] However, Fowler also suggested that James did not return Anne's love, and he liked men better than women.
3. Do you believe that the Trinamool-Congress(I) alliance will address the question of gender better than the Left front?
1)Altucher is asserting that finding alternative PRODUCTIVE uses for one's time and money is better than spending 4+ years and $200,000+ dollars on a university education.
4. The film, despite its Olympian heights of heartache as scored by soothing indie rock, is a tick or two better than the first "Twilight," which I rather liked as well.
After a brief run through of boilerplate - people can spend money better than government can - Palin said she'd "championed earmark reform" and had opposed the Bridge to Nowhere.
1) Detroit hospitals predict a bumper crop of bariatric surgeries for weight problems that will now be covered by the Affordable Health Care act better than some people's private insurance.
10 times better than Law & Order.
(Actually there are 2 other kings who are direct descendants of William the Conqueror, however since they both born to other houses he practically is the last norman king of England.) --- Henry II Plantagenet, King of England, Jan 1. 1155 : Start off the Plantagenet dynasty and the Angevin Empire on the right foot and see if the sons you birth end up any better than the ones Henry spawned historically.Alternative: 1.1.1187
0 thoughts on "Why Serie A is better than the English Premier League"
472 Gallatin wrote Jefferson: "Governmental prohibitions do always more mischief than had been calculated; and it is not without much hesitation that a statesman should hazard to regulate the concerns of individuals as if he could do it better than themselves."
26)Billy Pierce - don't see him as being better than Bridges 27)Addie Joss - ERA/+ and WHIP are great, but why so little black ink? 28)Pete Browning 29)Charley Jones - he got the shaft - but I am not convinced as to what extent.
1.Most(not all!) filipino-americans have colonial mentality/ inferiority complex, think they're much better than FOB Filipinos/Filipinos back in the Philippines and make fun of them whenever they have the chance and disown their culture and heritage with a passion.
#141 - I have no doubt about that but they were probably paid better than the average enlistee is paid today, and again, when they want out, they can always quit.
3 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 3 cups shredded cooked chicken) 3 (14 ounce) cans chicken broth 1 cup water 1 tablespoon chicken base (Better than Bouillon) 1/2 teaspoon black pepper 2 cups all-purpose flour 1 tablespoon baking powder 1 teaspoon salt 1/4 cup shortening 2/3 cup milk
1) Classical music is packed with immigrants, since American orchestras pay far better than, e.g., Ukrainian or Korean orchestras.
3. Now that this core code exists, I think I should improve the essay qtype to use the new API, since it is better, and core code should be a good example to plugin developers.
Abraham Lincoln defined what an American is better than I'm going to be able to do it or Congressman Tancredo or anyone on this stage.
After dinner I like nothing better than to lay in bed and screen my favorite story on the ceiling till I fall asleep.
1. you are right that guys like monfils and verdasco are better athletes - the only problem they can't play tennis 2. say a lot of people who miss all court tennis not just baseline bashing 3. it's been discussed many times that on slower courts it does look like the defence is better today but would love to see the same defenders/retrievers on the fast courts like the one in 1996 masters final
A better-than-average shoot-'em-up western has professional gunfighter Cameron mistaken for a judge in a small town plagued by McNally and his henchmen.
3 small garlic bulbs 1 1/2 sticks + 1Tbsp. of butter (real butter is way better than margarine in this recipe) 1 tsp garlic salt 1 package of egg noodles Shredded cheese
06 "Catcher Block" in DOWN WITH LOVE (2003) He probably owed this flirty cocky shot at romantic comedy headlining via Moulin Rouge! but who is better suited to it.
[0498] Given the incomplete knowledge of principles underlying protein folding and design, the ensemble-based statistical approach to protein combinatorial library seeks to design sequence ensembles that are compatible to a given structure or structure family, that cover a distribution of the energy landscape with scores better than that of the lead sequence.
1) Belfast Celtic (Kevin 'Better than Mourinho' Latimer) 42 2) joes rovers (Joe Ainscough) 31 3) Arris Army (Martin Robinson) 31 4) Rovers wing wonders!
(About Indianapolis Motor Speedway) "I love the oval much better than the high banks like Homestead, for example.
89 defense (he did better than JCesar this year and Julio Cesar have 89 so it's fair enought) 90 response (Guillermo OCHOA 94...Tim Howard,Gomes 90...hes better than that two) 89 keeper skills (like I said he did better than JCesar and he/Pepe REINA/Tim HOWARD did not make a year like Abbiati, so it's fair too)
30 min: This is better by Park, though, who spins on a thruppeny bit, 12 yards out, level with the right-hand post, and slaps a low shot for the bottom right-hand corner.
50.8 is the preliminary HSBC/Markit PMI reading for June, far better than the consensus forecast -- and as you can see, the first time in 2014 it's come in above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction.
10:56David Jones: Please provide us with your alternate Email Id as there is some technical with our email servers for sending emails to Hotmail Domain.It is better if you provide us with Gmail or Yahoo Email Id. 10:57KM: Okay, so if i give you a gmail Id now, I will receive the login details? 10:57David Jones: Yes.
56:4 For thus says the Lord: To the eunuchs who keep my sabbaths, who choose the things that please me and hold fast my covenant, 56:5 I will give, in my house and within my walls, a monument and a name better than sons and daughters; I will give them an everlasting name that shall not be cut off.
2010-2011 marketing year profit may not be as high as for the 2008-2009 marketing year but it is expected to be significantly better than for the 2009-2010 marketing year.
18 These contemporary rabbinic authorities often quote Rabbenu Tam (11001171) to the effect that it is better for a woman to remain an agunah than to produce a get (Jewish divorce) that is not legal.
Ada understood his work perhaps better than anyone - she was even a kind of muse, who wrote in a letter that he should submit to her "fairy guidance" - but Babbage had designed his engines before he met Ada, and there is no evidence that a single detail was altered at her suggestion.
1. Howie Kendrick 2. Stephen Drew 3. Andy Marte 4. Alex Gordon (better than Marte, but less likely to have a starting job coming out of spring trianing 5. BJ Upton 6. Lastings Milledge 7. Joel Guzman 8. Wes Bankston 9. C. Ianetta 10.
1980'S: LONG ISLAND ICED TEA In a decade of "bigger is better," it only seems appropriate that this tea colored tipple gained popularity.
28. Carolina Panthers (No. 26; Down 2; L, 20-7 vs. TB) The Jimmy Clausen era will start in Carolina this week but I'm not sure it'll be much better than the Matt Moore era.
12) Cain, James, DOUBLE INDEMNITY: I liked the book better than the movie.
1. Kobe Bryant is better because he got Chris Jericho to smash his fingers with a hammer to provide a greater challenge.
2001 Chevrolet S10 wheel bearings are now made better than ever, coming sealed from the factory so the good stuff, such as much needed lubricant, stays in and the bad stuff, water and heat, stays out.
6/10/13 breakfast: 2 mugs coffee, 1 egg over easy, 2 slices bacon- 240 snack: skipped lunch: 1 bowl home-made soup (chicken broth, tomato juice, carrots, sweet potatoes, green beans, kidney beans, celery)- 100 snack: skipped dinner: caeser salad(170), chicken stir fry(100)- 270 snack: 2 pieces lindt chocolate, 1 hard-boiled egg- 200 total: 810 exercise: notes: better than yesterday
After a successful reappearance in the Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby, Harry Topper's jumping had deteriorated in two further outings but he simply coped with the ground far better than 5/4 favourite Al Ferof in the Denman Chase and trampled him by 25 lengths.
01- Fuel 02- The Memory Remains 03- Devil's Dance 04- The Unforgiven II 05- Better Than You 06- Slither 07- Carpe Diem Baby 08- Bad Seed 09- Where The Wild Things Are 10- Prince Charming 11- Low Man's Lyric 12- Attitude 13- Fixxxer
According to Shaun King: -Raheem is a great coach -Mark Dominik set Rah up to fail -Gruden is a horrible guy and not even a good coach -Shaun King was far better than Trent Dilfer and should have never been replaced by Brad Johnson -Josh Freeman is elite -Tony Dungy great, Jon Gruden sucks, Raheem great, Mark Dominik the reason the team collapsed -Was a Bucs fan before the Glazers bought the team, so don't tell him that you are gonna build a winning team without Dungy or Raheem
3) One other quick note - Even though earning "some yield" might be better than no yield if you consider the argument that buying an individual home won't yield any cash flow vs an apartment that will, when you look at the true expected yield from the apartment in your area then it's likely that you'll earn a BETTER yield and possibly have a higher probability of protecting your principal at the same via other investments.
Adapting to the conditions far better than his opponent did, Olympic champion Murray came back to beat mistake-prone Tomas Berdych 5-7, 6-2, 6-1, 7-6 (7) in a rain-delayed and wind-swept U.S. Open semifinal Saturday.
162 SAINT AUGUSTINE certain secular writer who said: I believe it is better to train children by feelings of self-respect and decent outlook rather than of fear.
A blessing is so much better than surgical amputation... It's pretty common in Israel to rush to the hospital after Bris that a doctor can burn the fresh cut with an electric knife, because the baby is bleeding uncontrollably.
8. According to the GA Department of Education data, charter schools do no better than traditional public schools and sometimes perform worse.
Ace combat, armored core, Forza, Halo, are just a few of the games that I have played and those alone are better than anything we have so far for the Wii, and enough to make me want to go out and get a 360 if I had the money.
Across the size of the building model, this reflects an accuracy of better than 99.9 % - well within acceptable figures.
Adam Goldberg seems to be coming in with better than usual inertia.
4 Years back i learned from Nipuna only i heard Inumsoft is better now a days so many Institutions came please go for all demo classes and enquire more.
According to Professor Eckel, nothing conveys the spirit of Buddhism better than the image of the seated Buddha-stable, focused, and serene in the face of tumultuous change.
A commentor (sorry, typing on my phone and can't properly reference )noted that instead of BIKES ARE GOOD FOR AMERICA it should be CYCLING IS GOOD FOR AMERICA and although I agree that is better, I would suggest that an even closer to the premise of the post slogan would be BIKES ARE AMERICAN.
According to the scout, Campana "has a chance to be better than a 4A guy, but he will have a tough time sticking as a true fourth outfielder for a championship club."
According to Consumer Reports ' depreciation ratings, several affordably priced models-such as the Toyota Prius hybrid, Mini Cooper, and youth-oriented Scion models-hold their value better than higher-priced sports and luxury models.
3.Being a institution Under the Ministry of Power, Government of India, does it scores better than all the colleges listed above.
Actually my husband thinks the cake tasted much better than that previous years of making the cake with the revolving double beaters.
2 tsp butter 1/2 cup each finely chopped red and green pepper (I used 1 poblano pepper) 3 cups cooked long grain white (or brown) rice 2 eggs, beaten 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (I think 1/2 c is better) 1 cup chicken stock 2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley 1 plum tomato, peeled, seeded and finely chopped (I used about 8 un-peeled cherry tomatoes since they have flavor at this time of year) 1/4 tsp each salt and pepper 1 cup baby peas
1. blogger doesn't need a mysql database 2. Blogger blogs get ranked better than blogs on other domains 3. The server load is on googles shoulders not yours 4. Better exppose because people can easily find your blog if they do a search on blogger. 5. Some people started with a blogger blog and they don't want to have to try to migrate their reader to a new location for the same blog in fear of losing some.
Actually, unlike Twilight (which I pain stakenly stuck through for 4 long books of fail) this fanfiction was well-written, like I said, and your characterizations of the Twilight characters had more personality and were much better than the original Twilight Characters.
99% of those who feel they've been treated unfairly have either A. not read the header or B. decided that their way of playing the game is far better than hours and consequently decided to educate the rest of us.
After communion, silence for thanksgiving can be done standing, better than sitting , as a sign of respect, or kneeling, if it is possible, as John Paul II did to the end when he celebrated in his private chapel, with his head bowed and his hands joined.
A computer could be better than humans at managing shifting perceptions too because they could note which facts were inferred and keep its eyes open for facts that validate a particular categorization.
After a long day of sifting the payments, there is nothing better than coming home and just relaxing to remove some tension, especially if you have a four-legged on-the-spot happiness generator waiting for you at the door.
5. The return on investment is better
According to Miller's "Gardener's Dictionary," it is a popular plant in English cities for window boxes, for it endures the smoke of the city better than most plants and is fragrant besides.
Acts of porneia grossly betray the one-flesh covenant (see Jer. 3:1 ) and permit the offended spouse to divorce and remarry, but reconciliation is better still.
[ 6 ] Slavic nations such as the Ukrainians, Czechs, Slovaks, Bulgarians and Croats who collaborated with Nazi Germany were still being perceived as not racially "pure" enough to reach the status of Germanic peoples , they were eventually considered ethnically better than the rest of the Slavs, mostly due to pseudoscientific theories about these nations having a considerable admixture of Germanic blood.
0. 19. but its communication is better organized and the program does not deadlock.
6. OKLAHOMA STATE (10-1) Remaining schedule: 12/7 vs #17 Oklahoma Strength of schedule (Sagarin): 43 Noteworthy wins: 8/31 vs MIssissippi State 21-3, 11/16 at Texas 38-13, 11/23 vs Baylor 49-17 Losses: 9/28 at West Virginia 30-21 What They Need To Root For: A blowout win over Oklahoma, an ugly Michigan State win over Ohio State (hoping their 1-loss resume is better than both Big Ten teams' 1-loss resume).
11. DJackson WR/PR Bills..............they wanted Cromartie so now they go plan B.............DT is a need too but balmer does not rate high and is better suited as a 3-4 DE.............
3. Doubtless if the alternative is "unselfish work for the public good," that is better still--but not an option for most of the work of the world at present.
3 This is slightly better than a system in chaos.
ADAM BANDT: The Greens are not prepared to allow working parents and carers to be used as a re-election prop, when what they are crying out for is better work/life balance.
- A Bench of Jack/Green/Marco/Landry/Smith/Okafor is better than Odom with about 10 points of help from Blake/Barnes/Brown.
Abu Hurairah radiallahu tala anhu narrated that Allah's Messenger salla lahu alaihi wa sallam said: "By Him in Whose Hand my life is, it is better for anyone of you to take a rope and cut the wood (from the forest) and carry it over his back and sell it (as a means of earning his living); rather than to ask a person for something and that person may give him or not."
3. Reviews of the traveling Addams Family remind us of it's "near-disastrous pre-Broadway debut here in Chicago", and note that "It's still not as great as it should have been, but it's better than it was" ( TimeOut ).
(2 cups) 8 oz Extra Firm Lite Tofu (choose whichever brand suits you) 1 Cup Frozen Petite Peas 1/2 of a large Yellow Bell Pepper Sauce: 1 Cup warm water with Better than Bullion No Beef Bullion (prepared as instructed) 3 Tbsp Agave Nectar 3 Tbsp Lite Soy Sauce 1 Tbsp Rice Vinegar
A first rale blade is an accideut, and often a fifty rent razor will be better than another for ti You t razors have to be hand made from beginuing to end ami the moet skillful workman can't lie sure of get ting two Just alike.
19 My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver..
(15) The philosopher who is Christian, however, sees by the faith he holds from the Holy Spirit that faith does fulfill his philosophic longings better than any other explanation the philosopher has ever heard.
1. It's Anybody's Spring 2. Music is Better Than Words 3. Anytime, Anywhere 4. The Night They Invented Champagne 5. Two Sleepy People 6. You're the Cream In My Coffee 7. Something Good 8. Nine O'Clock 9. Love Won't Let You Get Away 10.
18 mpg in the city is not much better than the '03 Baja's mileage.
32-4 : 8       And it came to pass , when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live.
(1) If the attorney for the government determines that the public interest is better served by trial before a district judge, the attorney may petition the district court for such an order after consulting with the appropriate Assistant Attorney General as provided in paragraph (b)(2) of this section.
71. Writing/Publishing Gold: The Silent Scream: Political and Social Comment in Books by Artists , by Monica Oppen and Peter Lyssiotis (Ant Press for the Bibliotheca Librorum apud Artificem) Silver: Better than Great: A Plenitudinous Compendium of Wallopingly Fresh Superlatives , by Arthur Plotnik (Viva Editions) Bronze: Shut Up & Write! by Judy Bridges (Redbird Studio Press)
2 June 2009, Message from Katrien and Joris, Belgium Hi, We did some very nice dives with you (definitively better than the mediterreanean!).
14. Bryan Adams , 18 Til I Die (1996) With his blue jeans and leather jacket, Bryan Adams was a cheesy but effective pop tunesmith who aped the heartland rock of Bruce Springsteen and John Mellencamp in the '80s and early '90s better than a Canadian had any right to.
501, 509, 29 L.Ed. 729 (1886) ("For nothing is better settled than that, in such cases as the present, and other actions for torts where no precise rule of law fixes the recoverable damages, it is the peculiar function of the jury to determine the amount by their verdict.");
4. Your anger is better directed at a party hierarchy which seems dedicated to extirpating its grassroots and the passion that goes along with it - the passion that WINS elections by voting FOR someobody.
10) (triple-cut brilliants), thereby increasing very much the fire and brilliancy of the cut gem, which were already in the double-cut brilliant incomparably better than in the rose.
4  For thus says the Lord: "To the eunuchs who keep my Sabbaths,     who choose the things that please me     and hold fast my covenant, 5  I will give in my house and within my walls     a monument and a name     better than sons and daughters; I will give them an everlasting name     that shall not be cut off.
13. "Better Than Martains" seaQuest is hurriedly dispatched to rescue a crew returning from a manned mission to Mars, which is captained by Bridger's friend Scott, when their space capsule crash lands in the Atlantic Ocean, but the a general of an militarised Asian federation wants them too for his own reasons.
1) Belfast Celtic (Kevin 'Better than Mourinho' Latimer) 65 2) the ex-lepers (Anthony P Madness) 61 3) Arris Army (Martin Robinson) 61 4) Rovers wing wonders!
According to R. I. Ford (1986), "the traditional use of plants and animals by American Indians is better documented than for the early peoples of any other continental area of the world."
Actually, another way in which it has sort of dated is in terms of certain actors now being better known for other things: in particular, Sarandon is better known to genre fans as bad Prince Humperdinck in The Princess Bride , and it's hard to Amy seriously when she's played by psycho neighbour Marcy from Married With Children ...
1) There's still 17-43 at Cal, a horrible, HORRIBLE loss; 2) USC had a much nastier in-league schedule than UCLA, getting 5 road games (Victory Bell was at UCLA this year) and drawing Oregon/Washington (compared to Oregon St / Wazzu for UCLA); 3) Losing by 23 to Baylor isn't really much if any better than losing by 14 to GT.
[1] it captures you, if only from the back (and if you were annoyed that i included it, i felt that perspective wouldn't be too invasive :) ) and [2] your image of john on your own camera is better than any my cell phone captured of him at the front of the room from my position at the back of the room.
After a certain number of times that my creature gets killed, the game seems to freeze when I click on the button that normally would take me to the scene, where a new clone of my creature starts hatching from its egg (that is, instead of this screen I just see a black screen, together with the button and the text at the lower end [that tells me that it is better to return to the nest to heal, instead of getting killed]).
After explaining that "C" is a programming language which is better than MS-DOS (why not compare it to movies, too?), it explains "C programmer" as "One who programs in C language; a brainiac."
According to their press release, the F30 BMW 3 Series is better in every way, [...]
2013 Topps Tier One Baseball Hobby Box $92.94 Add to Cart Topps Tier One Baseball is back for 2013 and better than ever!
5. Homeward Bound (can't really do better than this blurb) Laurie spent much of her New Hampshire childhood with a record player and headphones, listening to Simon & Garfunkel records, over and over.
2005-06 San Jacinto Girls "I think we'll be better than last year, even losing the post people that we did,'' Bearden said.
#1 Paid App in 11 countries including Australia, France and Italy Top 5 Paid App in over 40 countries The world's most fantastical, fun, family-friendly skiing game is back and better than ever!
[0139] Therefore, it was found that the polylactide resin of the examples has hydrolysis resistance and heat resistance better than the one of the comparative examples and thereby can maintain excellent mechanical properties.
1) Childhood dream 2) Teenhood dream 3) Adulthood dream 4) Had to buy a new car last weekend 5) Got a great deal 6) Behaves better than any of the other 18 cars I test drove (including new) 7)...
4) In my "Personhood" article, I argued that ethics all comes down to intuition, and that some people's intuition is better developed and therefore more accurate than that of others, but that everyone's is developing in the same direction.
1) Housing starts strong 2) Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JPM, GE earnings were good 3) Retail sales stronger than expected 4) China GDP grows 7.9 percent in Q4 - better than expected 5) Industrial Production was in line; 6) CPI inflation modest 7) PPI report was soft; inflationary pressures remain muted 8) Speculation about Dell LBO could heat up M&A activity 9) Beige Book reports modest expansion in economic activity; 10) Japanese stock market comes alive on new stimulus plan
1. Using our 'promotion' example: Today, I'm going to learn how my work has a positive influence on each of my coworkers, and imagine how their life is better because of the great job I do.
7. Patriots (9-5) Despite injuries all over the place, the Patriots gutted out a tough victory over the better-than-expected Buffalo Bills.
Adaptation Of Austen Better Than Original KERRY BUSH "The family of Dashwood had been settled in Sussex since before the Alteration, when the waters of the world grew cold and hateful to the sons of man, and darkness moved on the face of the deep."
According to Elizabeth de Sabato Swinton, the Worcester Art Museum's curator of Asian Art and director of Collections and Exhibitions, these prints reflect the view held by Japanese intellectuals of the Meiji (1868-1912) and Taisho (1912-1926) periods that the new was better than the old and that society should always improve.
Adorable Fox pillow c/o Uncommon Goods , chunky mustard quilt from H&M, new tan paint is Hot Springs Stone by Olympic (one of the best tans I've ever found, much better than the previous yellow-tan), plastic white 'spring stool' from Joss & Main .
- a corner with some books on a shelf is better than nothing, particularly when the public library has closed down and so has the School Library Service.   -  British librarians are doing a great deal already to create reading cultures, and their work needs to be celebrated, funded and supported, not ignored and attacked.
2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Does not Does not meet Cannot be Better than Designated area meet primary secondary classified national standards standards standards ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- AQCR 019................................................ ............ ............ ............ X AQCR 022................................................ ............ ............ ............ X AQCR 106................................................ ............ ............ ............ X ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Louisiana--Carbon Monoxide ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Designation Classification Designated area ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Date \1\ Type Date \1\ Type ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- AQCR 019 Monroe-El Dorado Interstate.. Unclassifiable/ Attainment Caldwell Parish Catahoula Parish Concordia Parish East Carroll Parish Franklin Parish La Salle Parish Madison Parish Morehouse Parish Ouachita Parish Richland Parish Tensas Parish Union Parish West Carroll Parish AQCR 022 Shreveport-Texarkana-Tyler Unclassifiable/ Interstate.
2. line 2 is SECOND PERSON (your love is better than wine)
1/ too many moves in this past week (and please don't tell me our team is better now than before all moves made with guys picked up.........ie of clifton smith and perhaps carpenter)............that seems to be made in urgency..........and urgency is never good JMO !
03.08.2012 20:41:32 "Our goal is to play always well" stresses Dominican coach Marcos Kwiek after first win London, Great Britain, August 3, 2012 - "Truthfully, we are better than Great Britain and were expecting a calm match.
08. SwissMS/Doris - Arabesque 1 Even better than what you played for us at the EPP.
Actually, he was better than okay with it when he learned that Major Berna­dette Cameron would be spearheading the Air Force's investigation into Giles' death.
13:27:20 ncflash: Probably won't happen but I think using Dunn in the 3 back look might be as good an option if not better than having Smith back there - your thoughts?
4,195 passing yards (on pace to break the Lions' single-season record held by Scott Mitchell), a 62.7 completion percentage (better than that of the Giants' Eli Manning , the 49ers' Alex Smith or the Panthers' Cam Newton-all of whom are rumored to be more deserving a Pro Bowl nod than Stafford) and 33 touchdown passes (behind only Aaron Rodgers , Tom Brady and Drew Brees ).
[6] As such, Itachi got along with his partner, Kisame, much better than most other Akatsuki members did with their own partners.
13   Sparks Steak House   With a super high-quality New York strip, Sparks achieves that delicate balance between tradition and big-city chic better than any big-volume steakhouse in Manhattan.
Actually (don't tell Girl Scouts I said this), I can make Thin Mints that taste WAAAAAAAY better than the original!
A better than average Afro-jazz-rock group with Jamaican influences--Rastafarian, not reggae.
06 - Tag Wars 06, Dissension, Fourth Year Anniversary, Dragon Gate Challenge , Supercard of Honor , Better Than Our Best , 100th Show, Weekend of Champions: Night 2, Ring of Homicide , Destiny, In Your Face, Death Before Dishonor IV , War of the Wire 2, Fight of the Century, Unified , Anarchy in the UK , Glory By Honor V: Night 1, Glory by Honor V: Night 2 , Honor Reclaims Boston , Chicago Spectacular: Night 2, Final Battle 06
1. BPL 2. La Liga (is better than the overrated BPL) 3. Bundes Liga 4. Portuguese league 5. Serie A 6. Ligue 1
According to a big PC Magazine survey, Apple rates noticibly better than Dell in support quality and how often people need to call support.
According to Coca Cola: "some of our suppliers achieved even better CO2 performance versus R134a under "D" conditions (40 degrees C ambient)... and in all countries in the world yearly averages are in a range where CO2 in beverage cold drink equipment performs better than 134a".
32 And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
4. Do i leave red line off still or plug it back in since this waste gate is better than stock now.
[ 19 ] There are five regioisomeric compounds that would correspond to the name "methyl hordenine HCl", if it were interpreted according to the rules of chemical nomenclature: α-methyl hordenine , β-methyl hordenine , 2-methyl hordenine , 3-methyl hordenine , and 4-O-methyl hordenine - each in the form of its HCl salt; N -methyl hordenine is better known as the natural product candicine , but is excluded from the possibilities because it is a quaternary ammonium salt that cannot be protonated and hence cannot form a hydrochloride salt.
1.) The gift of love is better than all the Chanel bags in the world: "The truth is, your heart is the biggest gift you can give anyone."
9:43  'And if thy hand may cause thee to stumble, cut it off; it is better for thee maimed to enter into the life, than having the two hands, to go away to the gehenna, to the fire -- the unquenchable --
About the only ones I haven't heard mentioned yet were a great series called Alfred Hitchcock's "The Three Investigators" which was of the same genre but way better than the Hardy Boys, and a series of biographies of great leaders and influential people, written for kids (can't remember the name of the series).
2. A keyed lamp as in Claim 1, wherein said step out feature of said first ferrule has a transition from a first height to a second height selected from the group consisting of: a 90 degree step, a sloped step, and a curved step transition, a step with sharp corners, a step with rounded corners and wherein said locating features are precision aligned to said point RP to better than 0.5 mm.
Adamant that RC Cola is better than Coke.
"According to revelations by members of the House of Commons, about 130,000 former German officers and men were held during the winter of 1945-46 in British camps in Belgium under conditions which British officers have described as 'not much better than Belsen ."
8 and 9, it appears that the balance of a balanced output signal is better in the example than in the comparative example.
About the pie crust, I had the rest tonight and although it was cold (we no longer have a microwave so I didn't want to toughen it up in the oven), it was DELICIOUS, even better than yesterday.
A Cap'n Crunch breakfast was better than nothing but oatmeal was best for improving brain functioning.
1) Pistol: SIG P220 2) Sub-machine gun: Kriss 3) Assault/Battle rifle: KAC SR-25 4) Heavy machine gun: M2 5) Sniper rifle: Accuracy International 6) Shotgun: Holland & Holland 7) Special Purpose: A cannon, larger is better
[19] While acupuncture may be better than usual care [20] , acupuncture does not seem to be better than sham acupuncture which questions whether it has benefit beyond placebo [21] .
403 Some of the limitations of traditional beta-blockers do not appear to be shared by some of the vasodilating beta-blockers, such as celiprolol, carvedilol and nebivolol-more widely used today-which reduce central pulse pressure and aortic stiffness better than atenolol or metoprolol 404 - 406 and affect insulin sensitivity less than metoprolol.
After four years of average annual global real GDP growth of better than 4 1/2 percent, recent data indicate that the pace of advance is slowing in the major industrial countries, with the US economy on the verge of, and perhaps already in, outright recession.
2, 2010) - Witnessing history being made at Auto Club Speedway in February will be even bigger and better than ever before.
2010 was definitely the year of breakthrough format, much better than overlord in my opinion.
44. Be sober, be vigilant, said the saintly Piper McNab through the Epistle of Saint Peter, because our adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, and as a humble servant of the Lord I can do no better than to repeat this admonition, for the lesson of this whole bloody episode is that while we are all carved in the image of God, we can never be certain where the Evil One might lurketh.
7/10, Idk if he's still active, but I have to say he made some real hot sigs...most of them better than that one.
-- 100 Yard Dash (out of the blocks fast) Low Skill Base -- You will have to do better than that on defense in the Red Zone or I will continue to score at will.
A : For the absolute best LED Grow Light, you can't do better than the G8LED 600 watt grow light with IR and UV bands.
about Shakib- he got 18 wickets in 11 matches with an average of 14.77 which is marginally second to Sp Narine, Shakib's Strike rate is 13.50 which is better than any other bowler of KKR, he got 18 wicket in 11 matches which means every mach he got 1.64 wickets and that is better than any other bowler of KKR.
11) Another Second Time Around Robby song again and it ain't all bad, although not as good as Burnin' Up it is way better than Amigone.
2. Proceedings of the ... Annual Convention of the American Railway, Bridge and (1904) "The effect is equal if not better than the drop hammer and requires no toggling ; when the pile is once placed in the leads the hammer resting on it holds it ..."
A couple of years back, Sam Harris wrote an astounding polemic on the dangers of religion and how -- all things considered -- the world is better off without it.
3. Is the genetically superior walnut tree cultivar really that much better than common seedlings?
[ 26 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] This is believed to be because of activity at a side target, the 5-HT 2A receptor, which is better known as the target of drugs such as LSD.
A crumb-coated lobster crab cake was packed with rosy shellfish, much better than the ubiquitous patties served in most restaurants.
1997 Kansas (34-2, 18-1 Big 12) - We still contend that this was Roy Williams' best team (even better than the 2005 UNC national champions).
1996 (match 96P5 with Keith Zimmermann) --- again my brother in Austin played better than I did, but I managed to struggle to an even result, two wins, two losses, and two draws.
Additionally, poly-L-lactide stents are tolerated as well as metallic stents and better than those made from silicone.
9: The little boys in Millions have just lost their mother, and while reeling in the void she left behind both boys scramble to regain control of their lives: one turns to low levels of crime and bribery, and the other turns to love and service while simultaneously retreating to a fantasy world (which he can navigate and understand much better than the real one).
(a better Tim Robbins movie than Fraternity Vacation ); Legally Blonde 2 (not about math, but the title does contain the number 2); The Love Song of J. Robert Oppenheimer (not exactly "the bomb," as our young friends say, but much better than jazz-fusion group Hiroshima) ; Pi (in black and white); Proof (see below).
5 Pros Like all recent Kia's, the Sportage is a winner in the looks department The boot is massive and much better than most of its competitors Good interior space with room for five adults 5 year warranty Punchy Diesel engine 5 Cons Petrol engine has been described by some reviewers as "awful" Poor fuel efficiency across the board No standard rear view camera on the base models Same price as the European Skoda Yeti and Volkswagen Tiguan Ride is a bit crashy and [...]
Adultery is devastating ...and even as I have continued to seek out in my Bible daily ....night and day what I need to do to continue to do what is what the Lord would have me do ..it is lonely , and difficult and very hard to see my daughters who are dealing with this better than I am .
A $100 tablet with Android-4 and an ARM Cortex A8 1.2GHz CPU, plus dual-MALI GPU, overall performs better than all iPads except the latest one, and is also a match for the Samsung and Motorola Tegra-2 tablets.
Add to all this the ongoing desire for an Arab patriarch (which I'm inclined to agree would probably not be the best move at this point, since a Greek patriarch is better positioned to deal with Israel), and finding a solution seems pretty hopeless.
236 But the biggest block of movies were romantic-chivalric American ones with heroes who, whether or not played by actual British actors, often embodied ideal British energy and grace better than in actual English productions-movies like The Dawn Patrol (1938), The Prince and the Pauper (1937) , and Captain Blood (1936) , along with a few British ones with the same qualities, such as Sanders of the River (1935) and King Solomon's Mines (1936) , the latter spoiled by having a girl in it.
1 pound fresh or frozen black-eyed peas 6 cups water 1 cup onion; chopped 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1 bay leaf ½ teaspoon salt 1 small smoked ham hock 1 Tablespoon Better Than Bouillon brand Chicken Base 4-6 cups cooked white rice Chow-Chow tomato relish (or red pepper relish); optional Chopped sweet yellow onion and chopped fresh tomato; optional
$2500) alone with machine that prints off a computer, I dont see how it could possible fare better than a Pazzles, Silhouette (which comes with an SD card...a much better system than cartridges IMHO) or a Black Cat Cougar?? Personally I dont mind spending a little extra time (to learn the software) & a little extra upfront cost if it means I can have limitless designs AND Save costs in the long run too...for me that is like having my cake & eating it!
Action, Fit & Finish: There is absoulutly nothing wrong with this guitar when I first bought it the pickups were fine the bringe is how I want it so it was perfect even though I was trying out gibsons I found this guitar was better than an SG Standard or a Les Paul Studio so you will be saving a ton of money.
A 57-25 team that wins a championship is and was a lot better than a 55-27 team that loses one.
- 16. "The Kiss" is an extraordinary anticipation of industrial rock, sounds better than Nine Inch Nails.
4. Abdullah Ibn Masud (may Allaah be pleased with him) reported that Allaah's Messenger (sallallaahu alayhi wa sallam) said: "The last person to enter paradise will be a man who will alternately walk, stagger and be burnt by the Fire ..." until his saying: "Then a third tree will be raised up at the gate of paradise, and it will be better than the first two.
1. future time: Such discussion is better left to futurity.
4. Chad Smith is so so so so much better than John Irons (both RHCP drummers), have you heard Irons' solo career?
Abrams and writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and Damon Lindelof (whose mission in life appears to be crafting outstanding, emotional characters and character arcs in the midst of structurally questionable plotting) not only understand Captain Kirk and much of the crew of the USS Enterprise as well or better than most Star Trek creators, but are consistently capable of taking these figures in new, exciting, and creatively invigorating directions that stem organically from the audience's collective knowledge of series history and iconography.
acoustic alternative awesome bad vocalist better than gazette better than girugamesh better than sug crap kei fap-able fodas future of visual kei gift from god great harujuku independent indie it killed my cat j-rock japan japanese jpop jrock loli lover maria maria cross music to check out more anthalion nanar kei omg that sucks xd pedophile kei pop rock porn porn kei pretty hair rainbow hair seen live solist solo visionary who needs contacts visual kei za besto
After all we've been through, given the fact that nothing- nothing -of significance is better than it was, and given the sweeping, unchecked power of the Republican party to create this mess, it is absolutely fascinating to witness the inability of everyday Republicans to grasp that their leaders have betrayed them (and every American) and done so in an overt fashion.
1. Sonos Play:1 , $199 : This compact music player is the opposite of garish, sounds better than anything else in its price range, and best of all, let's you take control of the music right from your smartphone.
[20] O dear my son, the transport of stones with a man of wisdom is better than the drinking of wine with one blamed for folly.
"A Firing Line Debate: Resolved: That the Republican Party Is Better Able to Run the Country for the Next Four Years than the Democratic Party"
1) It was marginally better than yesterday: it took me twice as far to feel like I was dying (though it still wasn't very far).
A comparison of correlation coefficients determined good convergent validity of the Patient Specific Functional Scale (PSFS) with Global Rating of Change Scale (GRC), better than with the generic 36-item Short Form Health Survey (36-SF), possibly because both PSFS and GRC ask patients to self-identify areas of disability while a more generic measure would include items not relevant to the patient (Chatman et al, 1997).
Abe realizes that to pull the trigger and shoot Stefano in cold blood would be to become no better than Stefano himself.
13:16)[/i] Preach God's truth, not what you'd like to believe: [i]And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire: Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
#1....Kobe will never, ever, ever, ever, EVER be better than Michael Jordan.
Adding fuel to the fire, Team Romney on Wednesday denied that an unnamed "adviser" had told Britain's The Telegraph that Romney appreciates the "Anglo-Saxon" heritage common to both countries better than Obama, a dubious report that nevertheless bolstered the perception that Romney is grasping at straws when it comes to differentiating himself from the president.
After deciding that a tree was better than nothing Farrow watched the erratic light from around a pine tree.
After deep brain stimulation surgery for an essential tremor, Betty Bertram is better able to control the left side of her body.
277 (1992)] Rather than fight every court, the IRS has taken the prudent position that it is better to be safe than sorry.
About - Methodology Spotlight - Authors - Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Revenant - Concussion Articles - Industrial Affect - In Google We Trust - Our Town Revisited - Too Much Convincing, Too Few Convictions - Go Crazy ! - Complex Means, Simple Message - Premeditated Relevance - Rules For Rookies - Why Screen Actors Are Better Than Politicians - Kings,Queens and Everyone In Between Essays - The Delicate Art of Virtue - A Befuddled Peace: Give Peace A Chance (part I) . . .
2) Ryan Hunter-Reay (1) RHR starts off his 2014 campaign much better than he did in 2013, finishing second.
#1 Memories are better than the real deal.
1976 gold medal winning swimmer John Naber remarked to Sports Illustrated in 1984 that if Michael Groß were an American, he would have won six or seven medals, and that Groß was better than Mark Spitz.
Advanced Energy Control : At 6th level, a sorcerer has learned to control the flow of magic energies a lot better than before.
4. I think it is very difficult to grade the PGs but I do generally agree that Williams and Paul will be better than Rose in the next 2/3 years as they will be reaching their prime and Rose will be still developing.
3 stars because I simply find STILL LIFE, BWP and GHOST REVERIES a lot better than the "early OPETH", but MORNINGRISE is certainly worth it!
Acting quickly on the news allowed the graphic to share even better than the first, and catch the eye of media like The Next Web.
A cardboard cutout of Daniel Craig can emote better than Lazenby.
1. Packaging better than juice: Florabotanica, Coco Noir, Lancome La Vies est Belle, Kenzo Flower, JPG Classique, Donna Karan Woman, and many others...
1. Get Wings game address off forums 2. Open sopcast, put in address, mute and minimize sopcast 3. Open VLC Media Player and enter that URL in HTTP options 4. A screen will open up in VLC Media Player and you can adjust it, it may be slow at first but it should improve after a couple minutes, some livestreams though are just fuzzy and bad sound quality, but its better than missing the game
1  The king had now a palace of his own to dwell in, and the Lord kept him safe, on every side, from all his enemies. 2  Whereupon he said to the prophet Nathan, Here am I dwelling in a house all of cedar, while God's ark has nothing better than curtains of hide about it!
A few references in some rap songs and some celebrities making the sign of the triangle have worked better than any conspiracy theory book has ever done in the past in perpetuating the secret society's infamy to the youth of today.
11. "How We Avenged the Blums" concludes with a powerful image of a circle of boys clustered around the Anti-Semite, and the narrator's unexpected insight about the nature of helplessness and power, dignity and victimhood: "As I watched him, I knew I'd always feel that to be broken was better than to break-my failing."
15. Milwaukee Brewers Last Year's Ranking: 13 Why They Might Be Better Than This: Alcides Escobar is an everyday shortstop who provides better defense and nearly equal offensive tools to Elvis Andrus; Jeremy Jeffress throws as hard as anyone anywhere and could become elite with some refinement; Angel Salome is an offensive monster who gets unfairly dinged because he's built like a bowling ball.
11 of the PDF)  In fact, the court is so clear and eloquent on this point that I want to quote a whole paragraph, which is found on page 13 of the PDF and which states the situation regarding fair use and affirmative defenses much better than I did:
After all, she has a body language-reading ability that borders on a superpower, and can fight as well or better than Batman and Lady Shiva (and she's still a teenager), so day-to-day mugger and henchman-fighting is probably pretty boring for her.
1984 Stop Making Sense (Documentary) (performer: "Psycho Killer", "Heaven", "Thank You for Sending Me an Angel", "Found a Job", "Slippery People", "Burning Down the House", "Life During Wartime", "Making Flippy Floppy", "Swamp", "What a Day That Was", "This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody)", "Once in a Lifetime", "Girlfriend Is Better", "Take Me to the River", "Crosseyed and Painless")
253 He tells me to ask Rev. Mr. Ross and Mr. and Mrs. William Robertson both of Allen, about all the points herein recited, as they know better than he, all three were prisoners at the time.
9. In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was overthemselves...self-discipline with all of them came first.Harry S TrumanDiscipline really means our ability to get ourselves to do things when we dont want.Arden MahlbergBy constant self-discipline and self-control you can develop greatness of character.Grenville KleiserIt is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles.
After a long 15 hour day doing horribly tiring administrative work in the air conditioned office, nothing is better then sitting outside on a cool summer night and having a beer with your friends slash coworkers.
1. Generate a list of motion vectors for all block positions using a lowest MSE match criterion between fields 0 and 2 , discarding any rogue vectors for which an intra-field similarity is better than any non-zero inter-field similarity found during the block search.
333:764-769), is better than heparin at preventing recurrent ischemic events in patients undergoing angioplasty for unstable angina after acute myocardial infarction; by 30 days, however, there is no difference between hirulog and heparin (Bittl, J. A., et al. (1995) J. Med.
Accountant supermarket manager optional sniff pay off debts fast napkin transformation The U.S. electrical grid is better managed and more flexible a decade after its largest blackout but remains vulnerable to increasingly extreme weather, cybersecurity threats, and stress caused by shifts in where and how power is produced.
[0281] Further, as discussed above, quantum dots included in certain aspects and embodiments of the inventions include a core comprising a first semiconductor material and an outer shell surrounding the core, the shell comprising a second semiconductor material, wherein the first semiconductor material confines holes better than electrons in the core and the second semiconductor material is permeable to electrons.
1. Introduction 2. If It Feels Good It Is Good 3. Memories Are Better Than Photographs 4. Behind Closed Doors 5. Osmosis 6. Nervous Energy 7. Alone By Myself 8. Running In Place 9. Seattle 10.
2nd October 2012, Hemu Village to Hei Hu (Black Lake, 2300m, 20km 5 hours) The morning mission This time, we knew better than to get up early.
10,000 lux lamps are best (and in fact are used to effectively treat Seasonal Affective Disorder), but anything is better than no light at all.
1. Robert Gordon with Link Wray -- Fire (the single version is slightly different from the album cut -- don't remember which one is better.
added the blue and green spot lights as night lighting and the fish seem to like it better than complete darkness, also the lights provide a medium for me to be able to view my fish at night with out the harsher day light on, the catfish loves the night too.
2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Does not Does not meet Cannot be Better than Designated area meet primary secondary classified national standards standards standards ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Cumberland-Keyser Interstate AQCR, Election District No. ............ ............ X ............ 8, Luke, Md............................................ Remainder of State...................................... ............ ............ ............ X ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Maryland--Carbon Monoxide ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Designation Classification Designated area ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Date \1\ Type Date \1\ Type ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Baltimore Area Baltimore City (part) Regional Planning District No. 118 12/15/95 Attainment ......... (generally corresponding to the Central Business District).
[40] In these six months, campaigning from Concord, New Hampshire to California, I came to know our country better than ever before in my life, and I gathered up memories that are going to be with me for the rest of my days.
5th round - Corey Fuller, WR, Virginia Tech Hopefully better than the former Raven Corey Fuller (who I completely forgot about until I mocked the V Tech Corey Fuller to us).
1. Nine Inch Nails - 'Zoo Station' 2. U2 (Jacques Lu Cont Mix) - 'Even Better Than the Real Thing' 3. Damien Rice - 'One' 4. Patti Smith - 'Until the End of the World' 5. Garbage - 'Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses' 6. Depeche Mode - 'So Cruel' 7. Snow Patrol - 'Mysterious Ways' 8.
A few days later, Andrejs sent me a test pressing of the choir's latest Christmas CD, Latvian Winterfest on Albany, and oh holy night, it might be as good or even better than the last one.
According to the weekly news magazine: "With low unemployment and solid economic growth, things are going better than ever for Germans.
7. It is better to make lifetime gifts of property that is expected to go up in value in the future, because the increase in value will escape estate taxation or delay taxation for another generation.
30 by 30: I'm Better Than You At Fitness Classes, But I Have Way More Anxiety
12 volt, 7 Ah deep-cycle lead-acid battery - this size has much better than average value ($20).
10 is better, especially if it's a keeper league, so it may persuade a few people to hold onto a guy, even though the waiver wire will still have some decent choices out there, but I really think 12 is the best format.
2. They have committed the most barbarous murders, in sacrificing their children to Moloch, a sin so unnatural that they deserve to hear of it upon all occasions: Blood is in their hands, innocent blood, the blood of their own children, which they have caused to pass through the fire ( v. 37 ), not that they might be dedicated to the idols, but that they might be devoured, a sign that they loved their idols better than that which was dearest to them in the world.
1: Oh my god, king of the hill is so much better than family guy, i love propane and beer 2: dude i like family guy 3: you're an idiot, anyone who likes random jokes more than propane and beer jokes is an idiot.
18. Webinar Webinar: July 27, 2011 Webinar Webinar10 Twitter Best Practices for Brands 1. Do your 2.Determine 3.Utilize either a 4. Build your research before organizational branded or Twitter equity and engaging goals personal profile credibility 5. Track metrics 6. Don't go 7. Listen and 8. Be authentic & and conversation overboard; less observe before believable trends structure is better engaging 9. Track, measure, 10.
17mb file is nothing, it's so easy to do! Better than forking out $7. I'd pay money for this game, but only a reasonable price, I pay what I think a game is worth comparing to other apps I love, where's my water, 99c by Disney.
1) Are there any plans to bring in any former members of Generation X in some sort of advisory or just guest starring role to these kids, considering they're probably the closest in age to them, and would probably relate even better than the original New Mutants?
12. Atlas- They played their first game under new coach Tomas Boy, and looked better than Monterrey for most part of the game.
1 Shadow Madness trades better than having 2x SW:P since shadow madness is a 1:2 and 2x SW:P will be a 2:2.
Accelfix is better at disabling dpi and refresh rate scaling, but Fix Builder is better at disabling pointer speed slider scaling.
8 MP is better than 5, I don't care what anyone says about phones handling it or not...and the front facing cam is definitely a plus but not a deal breaker I like being able to unlock MY PHONE THAT I PAID FOR...it's essential to continue to upgrade to the next Great Phone to be able to sell the current one unlocked on eBay or wherever... Android 2.2 is now avaliable for HD2 as a dual-boot setup with WinMo...
1 Kings 21:1-4 NKJV 1 And it came to pass after these things that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard which was in Jezreel, next to the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 2 So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
70% Asus Transformer Pad TF103C review: This hybrid is better for fun than work Source: PC World The Transformer Pad TF103C is an excellent companion tablet, with the potential to be a useful tool if you can find solid Android versions of your favorite productivity software.
10 fluid ounces of water, 1 ounce of hand dishwashing detergent as a surfactant, and 8 ounces of 28% ammonia clean better than anything I have found for sale.
According to the FIFA World Ranking system, Switzerland are better than Netherlands, Italy, England and Brazil.
2. Play: give customers real and compelling reasons to come back, and often, get their creativity going, make them enjoy (better: compete) expressing themselves, turn them into your best marketers by honestly serving them better than anyone and by passing as much value onto them as you can (or even more!),
102 The French merchants were treated somewhat better than the others, partly, it may be supposed, because it was impossible wholly to escape remembrance of the considerate behavior of the French at the capture of Grenada, partly because of the warm remonstrances and threats of the Marquis de Bouillé, governor of Martinique, and of Durat of Grenada.
12:35-36]; in the same way all branches of heathen learning have not only false and superstitious fancies and heavy burdens of unnecessary toil, which every one of us, when going out under the leadership of Christ from the fellowship of the heathen, ought to abhor and avoid; but they contain also liberal instruction which is better adapted to the use of the truth, and some most excellent precepts of morality; and some truths in regard even to the worship of the One God are found among them.
A dude from asia tell that to dana white about a gold medalist winner he might pay u for some insight to asia remember there lots of asians in judo and ju jitsu that have won gold medals I mean is floyd mayweather jr big over there he won silver and right now he is the best u might pacman is better but pacs trainer admitted that they aint ready for floyd yet I know pacman is big there
Across the Salang Pass, the main route between north and south Afghanistan, the road surface is better, but the traffic is crazy.
11:15 - From Beyond (1986) Some say it's better than Reanimator ; others say it's not.
After I saw the Bonzo Birthday Party concert, I made a mental comparison between that show and the 1972 shows, and for the most part I felt the songs played in 73 were just as good, if not better than the same songs played in 72.
7. Snapsort does compare ISO speeds and video capabilities, and built-in flash, and even better than ISO speeds Snapsort pulls in measurements of image quality at high ISO from DxOMark.
Actually, the story is a little better than it sounds, with some weird twists here and there.
Added Smith, "There is nothing better than to watch that behemoth swim off freely."
5) I think that Grady Sizemore is a very interesting player to target as he is coming off several injury riddled seasons and his talent may be better than his current market value.
According to business author William Cohan, "The firm's inexorable success leaves people wondering: Is Goldman Sachs better than everyone else, or have they found ways to win time and time again by cheating?"
8: The amazing Lamborghini Marzal featured bizarre giant glass gull-wing doors and a futuristic silver leather interior, proving the theory that the future of the 1970's is much better than the future we eventually got.
3. Lack of respect for your opponents, I was in a game recently where the session is generally friendly-competitive across all levels of play, and my partner and I are quite clearly better than the opponents and my partner after going 11-0 up, he started doing weird stuff like standing at the corner of the court to serve some unconventional angle trick serve, I mean c'mon, what are you 12 years old??!??!?!! have some maturity.
1 A good name is better than a good ointment, And the day of one's death is better than the day of one's birth. 2 It is better to go to a house of mourning Than to go to a house of feasting, Because that is the end of every man, And the living takes it to heart.
11:22 Commenter Callyson, quoted for truth: "No one can kick the GOP's ass over deficits better than Bill Clinton"
According to an analysis conducted by the U.S. Department of Education, studies comparing online to face-to-face instruction showed that, on average, "students in online learning conditions performed modestly better than those receiving face-to-face instruction."
18:35 Okay 18:35 Goodbye Esoteric 18:35 bye 18:35 Bai Eso (heart) 18:35 Who is better stephen king or ellan poe ?
7 -- Place of finish for points leader Ricky Stenhouse Jr. in the February race at Phoenix, five spots better than Elliott Sadler.
3 Apparently, some people have the genetically determined ability to see better than 20/20, if it were not for the fact that subluxation disturbs their vision.
3:18-While West Virginia and North Carolina are amongst the teams I absolutely despise most; anything is better than watching a team give little effort in the 2nd half against a lesser team thinking a blowout will just sort of happen.
#43 already explained it better than I could since IANAL, but I was using the common law definition of assault (intentionally causing fear of harm), not the connotation it has for many (punching someone in the face) or the specific legal definition of assault in Toronto (I have no idea what that is).
47. Superman IV: Quest for Peace - This was a hair better than III , with Gene Hacket back as Lex Luthor.
[0531] As the user data garbage collection operations and control updates may coincide with physical errors, it is better to do have larger safety margins by doing the preemptive relocation or controlled garbage collection earlier in advance, say, at the point when the block still has 2 or more unwritten memory units (e.g., sectors.)
1. Hunter X Hunter is really good and a bit better than the average fighting shonen.
Abraham Lincoln is credited with stating that it is better to keep silent and be thought a fool, than speak up and remove all doubt.
$20,000, will not fully fund someone's higher education but it is better than going to the decline of student dead people have at the moment.
(1) I don't know which is better, but I'll tell you one thing.
3D, too, always serves grimy horror pieces like this better than virtually any other genre, since it's able to exploit the zoom-out-into-your-lap potential of the medium without feeling hokey (since it's already so hokey).
20. Royce Da 5'9 - has great flow.. can use metaphors better than mst but only a mixtapes because he claims that metaphors are throw away material that doesnt last for ever, unlike rhymes that come from the heart, and taht is a good philosphy for a dope album (death is certain).. he also can make great diss tracks along with heart felt music (Malcom X against d-12 and eminem).. so yea
4GB on DVD... Better than a movie, screensaver or books on Mars, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn... Covers the years 2004-2007 of the MER Spirit Mission.
1) It tastes awful (sure does) 2) It works (better than anything else on the market) So, ignore the ads if they annoy you; just try the product.
2. If we measure it as "time waiting for healer + time inside quest" at times just having 6 self sufficient people is better.
About 6p00e5519050958834's comments on TNT...sorry, but I have never been to Racebuddy, and I don't care about engine noise, but I know TNT's analysis is about 100% better than what I saw today, not to mention their camera work.
4b. (ASKED OF RANDOM HALF SAMPLE) Do you think the standard of living for the next generation will be better than today, worse than today, or about the same?
According to his police file, Harry Lime wasn't a very nice dude, and the city's populace is better off without him.
About one in seven adult Americans fish freshwater; in Utah, one in six; in Colorado, one in five; in Montana, Idaho and Wyoming, better than one in four.
3. Pittsburgh Steelers (3-0) Last week: No. 3 Last game: Defeated 49ers 37-16 This week: at Cardinals Gladow's take: Just a hunch, but I think the Steelers may be a shade better than Dallas, if only because of their conference affiliation.
According to his staff, Akaka realizes that better than anyone: What he wants above all is to leave a "legacy" bill he believes has the best chance of passing at some point.
A bike is better than the best electric car, hybrid bike, even better than some of these wacky solar cars you see pictures out there.
2T Olive oil - you may need a little more if you are frying a large amount of mushroom, they tend to soak up liquids 1 package of Cucina Viva gnocchi 1 half of a bunch of dino kale, or a sautéing green of your choice, rough shred/julienne 1 table spoon Better Than Bouillon No Chicken Stock 1.5 cups water
21. Poppy: Eternal sleep or Imagination: Her imagination is so much better than reality that some days she catches herself longing for eternal sleep, and it's on those days that she throws herself into her work with such a passion that her handmaidens all look at her askance and wonder and worry most about her seemingly fragile state of mind.
According to You, South Korea's first civilian president, Kim Young Sam, a native of Kyongsang, isn't doing much better than his predecessors to heal regional divides.
(2) Though they were not the first to synthesize jazz and hip-hop, Digable Planets epitomized the laid-back charm of jazz hipsters better than any group before or since.
Adding to the backlash against the bottled water industry, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization has pointed out that, in terms of nutritional value, bottled water is no better than tap water, and that while the bottled product may contain small amounts of minerals, so does tap water from many public water supplies.
0c T03IAS BUSH, U10-12 E St. N. W. Leading .Grocers Make It a Point To Keep M0WATS SSs for customers demanding something better, than the ordinary.
Additionally, by providing data concerning the occurrence and duration of certain conditions in the mouth, the treating dentist or orthodontist is better able to determine what if any progress has been made and therefore recommend what further treatment, if any, is necessary.
Aaron Rowand is quite a bit better than McLouth, albeit older, so the return for him certainly would have been better.
1) New 2013 Civic is much better than the prior version 2) Elantra is nice 3) Focus depreciates like hell though recent models have been holding up due to fuel savings 4) Altima is significantly nicer than the Sentra 5) Honda Fit Sport (?)
2009: This is better from United but Paul Scholes has his shot blocked on the edge of the area.
Accordingly, it is better to treat continuous measures as continuous in the statistical tests -- and to include in the tests the right sorts of variables for genuine nonlinear effects, if one suspects the effects might vary across the relevant continuum.
[ 59 ] And as he realized that men are nowhere an easier 1 prey to violence than when at meals or at wine, in the bath, or in bed and asleep, he looked around to see who were the most faithful men that he could have around him at such times; and he held that no man was ever faithful who loved any one else better than the one who needed his protection.
1980 Galli sidepulls which perform MUCH better than the Campagnolos, and mid-to-long reach (610 front, 750 rear) Weinmann Vainqueur 999 centerpulls which rank between the Gallis and the Campagnolos.
Add in Smile, wink and face self timers, Face ID, creative effects filters, full HD 1080p and Super Slow Motion movies and it adds up to a great all-round point-and-shoot compact with the 12.1 Megapixel CMOS sensor delivering excellent image quality - indeed better than that delivered by Canon's 16 Megapixel CCD models.
After having read the previously unpublished work in Short Houses with Wide Porches , I'm a little sad that Christopher Watkins didn't give Hayden's Ferry Review the opportunity to read more of his poems for issue 42; there are a number that I liked even better than "The University of Iowa Sunset Village Quonset Hut Haiku Blues," which we accepted for that issue.
3. It would appear from the journals kept that a great portion of the country on the west coast of the York Peninsula, especially in the locality of the Mitchell River, is at times (I presume periodically) subject to inundation; the water, however, soon disappears from the flat and sandy land, and for the greater portion of the year, till the next rainy season, the country is destitute of water, and in other respects little better than an absolute desert.
1) There's no reason a future commercial pilot couldn't do the same thing an MBA-track person is doing (paying for their own flight time from a better-than-CFI-paying job).
1-(U.R)- Anyone who's inclined to grumble about wartime food restrictions may be interested to learn that they're probably eating better than Britain's royal family, whicl% is lucky to have meat more than once a week.
3. If you say this is "how it's always been" without working to correct language at SBU (go read over my comments, someone actually says "colored people"), bring about diversity, create a space where other races/ethnicities feel they can blossom without leaving behind their culture than it is a school that believes White to be the standard, or better than other Races.
192 The chief drawbacks to flour milling were the rapid price fluctuations and the large investments tied up annually with little better than a gambler s chance of a fair return.
1. True offline play 2. No Auction House, also the loot that drops is better and more relevant to your character, as well as less useless loot to clutter your inventory.
6) He again emphasized "it really went great today," "the people we spoke to were truly excited and serious about the product and they were BIG, VERY BIG... all serious," and it was "absolutely awesome, and went better than I planned."
Abraham Lincoln It is better to give than to receive.
About the anal sex I was just wondering if a man liked it then yes what were the chances of them trying to get it somewwre else ( just something I thought out loud and maybe shouldve never said) And thankfully my husband and I worked our problems and since then we are better than ever!
8:22 Watch Later Error A Sackboy's Adventure from Terry Pratchett's Discworld books), and Sackboy 20 Responses to "Custom Crochet Sackboys Galore" Your sackboys look so much better than the patterns I When I first played Little Big Planet, I couldn't get over how cute Sackboy was, and how much I needed one.
12.            Nathan and Bathsheba - I Kings 1: 1-27 - This story is better than an episode of "House of Cards" - and in some ways it's reminiscent of the way Naomi and Ruth plotted together - while we've already talked about David, it's important to note how he resolves the situation with what amounts to a giant political rally - all of this comes together to make Solomon the next King of Israel.
2. Cyrus : Jay and Mark Duplass have been bumbling around in the mumblecore bowels of the indie world for nearly a decade now, taking off-beat premises and exploring the relationship dynamics that arise from them; no one, in fact, is better at extracting the honesty out of a spectacularly bizarre situation.
35 Although the effect of vitamin supplementation was no better than placebo in treating alcohol-associated depression, the vitamins did result in a significant drop in anxiety within three weeks of use.
1) I have a 100 friends on my XBL friends list (I have 8 on PSN) 2) XBL experience is better than PSN experience (yes I belong to both paid online services and am a PS+ subscriber) 3) Many more players use mic's on XBL than PSN.
1. MLB has the greatest parity of any other sport by a huge margin 2. MLB is better off having teams like the Yankees and Dodgers go nuts adding payroll like they do.
Adam and Eve are envious because they apparently aren't like God (even though they are), they are proud because they think that choosing their own path is better than their intimate trust-relationship with God, Adam is spurred to inaction as Eve eats the fruit, and then is defensive and ungrateful of all God has done for him afterwords.
" [ 020 ] " What then, " said the lady, " wouldst thou have me do? " [ 021 ] " With your leave and my father's, " answered Caterina, " I should like to have a little bed made up on the terrace by his room and over his garden, where, hearing the nightingales sing, and being in a much cooler place, I should sleep much better than in your room.
Add all of those improvements up, and it helps explain why this eighth seed is much better than most and why they are likely the favourites to win the Western Conference.
According to Tom Williams, Airbus programs and customer support executive vice president, the aircraft has been performing "better than expected."
+ 32   Jehovah will bring his blood back on his own head, for without my father David's knowledge, he struck down and killed with the sword two men more righteous and better than he was: Abʹner + the son of Ner, the chief of the army of Israel, + and A·maʹsa + the son of Jeʹther, the chief of the army of Judah.
4. Oklahoma State (8-5, 5-4, last week: 3) The Pokes were better than their record this year, with blowout wins over decent teams such as Texas Tech, West Virginia and TCU.
1)Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Add New Zealand's Niki Caro ( Whale Rider ) to the list of foreign directors who have showed, in their American debuts, they "get" our country better than do many natives.
1. Kevin Durant- pretty much a toss up here at # 1, Lebron is better right now butt Kevin Durant is only 24 while Lebron is 28 and will be exiting his athletic prime very soon, and for a player who rely so heavily on his athletic ability you have to wonder.
Absolutely stay within the high-water marks (as with anywhere else on private land), treat the fish well, and do your best to leave the resource better than you found it.
2-HEADED SHARK ATTACK (The Asylum Home Entertainment): Two heads are not better than one in this self-explanatory shocker, in which tourists (including Carmen Electra, Brooke Hogan and Charlie O'Connell) find themselves stranded on a crumbling atoll while the titular terror dines on them.
2: Industrial Design - What is it that makes a macbook better than most of the competition - Ultra fast sleep and wake times, really long battery life, back lit keyboard, the best laptop screen I've seen, the huge glass trackpad, etc.
16:34:26 +1 16:34:33 pgroth: I think WBS is a bit better than google docs, can return and continue editting 16:34:57 pgroth: most respondents will already have a W3C account, tallying is nice, on W3C site is good 16:34:58 returning to the survey is +100.
A final round of 1-under 71-with nothing but nine pars Monday-was enough for Ogilvy to finish at 17 under, one shot better than Retief Goosen, Jim Furyk and Vijay Singh, who all closed with 68s in the rain-delayed tournament.
According to Brown, "Use of the word wasted about American Iraq wars dead prompted strategists from the Republican National Committee to say, quote 'The families of these fallen heroes should be outraged and deserve better than to have someone describe the lives of their lost loved ones as 'wasted.'
1. build quality is equal to mcgizmo, head and tube feel magnetized by their fit 2. beam quality exceeds that of mcgizmo 3. reflector is different from the usual template of led lights 4. customer service is better than that of any experience I've had to date with anyone 5. light is pretty heavy duty-no joke 6. looking forward to the shorty version for an EDC
According to its sponsors, it would guarantee universal, affordable, comprehensive, portable, high-quality, private health coverage that is as good or better than Members of Congress have today ; A 2008 preliminary analysis by the Congressional Budget Office concluded it would be "essentially" self-financing in the first year that it was fully implemented.
10.1 inch Lenovo Yoga 2-1050F Android 4.4 Tablet PC Intel Z3745 Quad Core 1.86GHz WUXGA IPS Screen 2GB RAM 16GB ROM WiFi GPS 9600mAh Battery Capacity Main Features:CPU: Intel Z3745 Quad Core 1.86GHz has a better performance, delivering plenty of power for multitasking and fueling casual games and movies.GPU: Intel HD Graphics Gen 7 is better and faster in playing games and watching videos than the previous generation.RAM + ROM: 2GB + 16GB offers fast surfing online, video playing and gaming experience.
1. Holmquist is way better than Liv 2. I think and Neil has said something along the lines of this a few times as well, that what more does Liv have to prove in the Swedish League?
After a long, humid summer, nothing feels better than a cool, crisp autumn breeze.
Advertisers know that people will remember a home page domain name much better than a full URL address, and that the full URL address will only cause the audience to tune out, both literally and figuratively.
After all, Oxford undergraduates only think that they know better than I do, and clearly it would be an indefensible impertinence to the accumulated wisdom and practical experience of your Lordships' House if my few words this afternoon could even be remotely construed as an attempt of a brash newcomer to lecture your Lordships on how best to perform one of the most crucial and important functions of this House, the preservation of our basic constitutional principles and the preservation too of the fundamental rights and liberties of the people of the United Kingdom.
5. Florida Marlins Last Year's Ranking: 21 Why They Might Be Better Than This: With Cameron Maybin, Michael Stanton, and Matt Dominguez , the organization has three five-star position prospects, and many believe that Logan Morrison should be the fourth; Kyle Skipworth is unfairly downgraded by a tough pro debut; left-handed behemoth Sean West is a favorite sleeper among scouts.
107. "We run our business with the understanding that more brains are better than one brain."
13. "It is better to be the right hand of the devil than in his path."
2 cups of carnaroli risotto rice 1 Brown onion 1 clove of garlic A few sprigs of Thyme 1 cup of white wine Butter salt A pinch of saffron 4T lemon juice Grated parmesan Shaved parmesan 8 Scallops Fish stock (if you dont have it just use water) but fish stock is better
Actually each was better than Stardust with The High House the most mythopoec.
1993: Ausgebremst - In the gaming world, most folks know the game this was based on (Ave Caesar) better than they know of this auto-racing themed follow up... and they mostly know of Ave Caesar because it was difficult to find & expensive to acquire for a long, long time.
4. Holiday Parties All the good holidays happen to be in the Fall Semester, and what's better than a holiday themed party you ask?
1. Power hopes to finish what he's started in Australia: Australia native Will Power has won two pole positions at Surfers Paradise, but hasn't finished better than 12th.
After going public in March 2008, Visa has held up much better than American Express and competitor MasterCard.
(16:10:29) maigrey101 : and all the club stuff is good goood good learning stuff which is better to do sober (16:10:56) garthmeisterj : So you wouldn't advocate knocking back something along the lines of a beer an hour at the club?
Acknowledge the desire, know that these urges are the result of a lizard brain prone to exaggerated responses in a modern world, and tell yourself that you're better than that.
- 4x color wheel equivalent (I measured this by comparing the blue refresh rate to two other DLP projectors with known color wheel speeds) -Excellent native contrast/black levels with dynamic black off, subjectively a bit better than Darkchip3 -Wider color gamut than traditional DLP, very close to Adobe RGB -Richer colors than lamp based dlp, no mustardy yellows -Meets SMTPE brightness standards for movie theaters on a 92 inch screen -Image still looks great with a little bit of ambient light (better than I guessed) -Brighness is very even across the screen.
After dinner we were conversing about indian chai being better than american, and the owner came over and offered us a free cup of it.
After being ranked no. 1 in the world, she has dropped to no. 11 and has done no better than the fourth round of a Slam this year, and lost in the third round at the Australian Open.
19:17 brb 19:17 My avatar is better 19:17 /me pulls out a gun and points it at jesse 19:17 It's far out 19:17 Raven can fit so many wieners in her mouth.
80mpg is better than the Toyota Prius although the Polo has no fancy hybrid technology.
8. Use t-accounts to show that the Fed can control the monetary base better than it can control either currency or reserves.
1 MR IRVING:     I would have suggested doing it over the weekend  2 although I have no logistical problems myself --  3 MR JUSTICE GRAY:     Well, I think they have a lot of problems  4 ahead of them, but I think it is better to do it now than  5 to struggle on and regret it every day from hereon.
1-mostly a mess, show finding its feet 2-characters come into their own, high drama begins, and the season arc is absolutely tremendous 3-The best season arc (well, maybe 5 is better?), some terrific episodes, and kind of concludes the three season of arc as Buffy as she is 4-Some of the best episodes of Buffy are in this season.
A cultural disdain for manufacturing, in favor of Government service or respectable work in "the City," a feeling that it is "better to make money than things," Mr. Charkham suggests, is at the bottom of Britain's decline relative to other industrial powers-a slide Government has done little to counter.
According to producer Katsura Hashino, the title was originally planned for PSP, but was dropped because of the cuts it had made with Persona 3 Portable, and that it had wanted to keep as much content from the original P4 as possible, He added that with Vita, it could make the game a lot better than it was on PS2.
4. Quiz a Top Chef contestant at a panel discussion on May 28 at 4:15 p.m. 5. Learn why butter is better, when celebrity chef Paula Dean cooks shrimp and grits on May 29, during the second Grand Tasting.
2-1, 2-2 are more what we've come to expect from the Pogues, and [illegible] a hell of a lot better than anything from Peace and Love .
3. If "The Heroic Age" ushers in, as writer Brian Michael Bendis said, "a tonal shift to optimism," what better than a dynamic created by The Thing, Spider-Man, Beast and Gorilla-Man to add a little balance to the more staid natures of characters like Captain America, Iron Man and Thor?
39-07 Prince Street, Flushing NY 11354 ( map ); 718-359-1601 Service: Brusque but efficient Setting: Better than your average Chinese restaurant, but still a little rough around the edges Compare It To: Grand Sichuan Must-Haves: Sliced Fish with Spicy Sauce, Sliced Conch in Red Chili Sauce, Shredded Dry Beef with Spicy Sauce, Shredded Pork with Yellow Leek Cost: Appetizers $2.95 to $11, mains $7.95 to $18.95 Grade: B+ Note: Cash only
9. Positive Reinforcement Works Much Better Than Negative Reinforcement The news on the War on Terror seems to be unfailingly bad.
(10) It is a wonderful and strange path built on the permanent following of what is better and best: in doctrines it consists in following the Salaf; in rulings, fiqh ; in meritorious deeds ( al-fada'il ), the scholars of hadith; and in high manners ( al-âdâb ), all that is conducive to the wholeness of hearts."
126 "I don't see why they are markedly better than San Diego, St. Louis, New York, or Philly (among others).
Acclaimed as Wales' biggest celebration of equality and diversity - Pride Cymru (formerly Cardiff-Wales LGBT Mardi Gras) returns to Cardiff, bigger and better than ever!
35 years old and getting nowhere as an actor, his much-too-understanding wife Sarah (Kate Hudson, better than she has been in years) supports him and his two children Grace (Joey King) and Tucker (Pierce Gagnon).
After all this, he still rides a bike better than I do and likely ever will, and that is fine with me.
AA: Many people, myself included, felt that Batman: Mask of the Phantasm was much better than the live action Batman movies.
2) John Adams ...many argued that he wasnt a Deist because he believed that having a religion is better than having no religion at all. 3) Ben Franklin ...i dont remeber what his beliefs were.
afghanistan surely playing better than both bangladesh and india, i am becoming fan of these guys.
After getting the dirt off I realized it was better than a average seated half but a 1853-O seated half with the arrows and rays around the eagle.
According to Jean Claude Ellena, a perfumer for Hermès, there are three things to attribute to the staying power of a perfume: your skin (larger pores trap scent more easily), your nose (some people are just more sensitive to smells-which means your neighbor may be able to sense your fragrance better than you can), and the perfume itself.
After all, the Cripple Creek in Colorado is better known than the one in Virginia.
2011-2012 season promises to be bigger and better than ever," said Roger Everingham, Vice President & General Manager of Palm Beachs favorite boutique hotel
29. Make the Call Sooner is better!
11. VMware A Performance Comparison of Hypervisors 1.00 0.90 Relative score to native (higher is better) 0.80 0.70 0.60 0.50 0.40 0.30 0.20 0.10 0.00 Allocate Small Read Cached Read Uncached Write Memory Mark Block Native ESX301 Xen3030 Figure 5 - Passmark - Memory results compared to native (higher values are better) Test Results 9
2933 Where then?  "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity;"  2934 meditating (as they do) day and night in the law of the Lord, because "it is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man; better to hope in the Lord than in man."
After a scathing pre-death post-mortem of the first hung Parliament of modern times and the first female Prime Minister, Abbott undertook to ensure that the next Parliament would be much better than this because the next government would be better than the current one
A confident male player will probably play the Femme Fatale role better than a shy female player, and an energetic female player will be better cast as the charismatic male charlatan than as the wilting female wallflower.
1) France would be not much better than Poland, Romania or Sweden.
1) I don't think we can train people for every possibility, but we surely can do better than we have.
5. The Godfather 1 - alot less ambitious but IMO alot better than its disappointing sequel again just a fun game that really helped tide me over For IV. and its also better than the overrated and mediocre scarface game IMO.
Actually, I think that what had happened last spring should have been the end, but she made me promise then, and now I see that I should have never made that promise, it isn't safe, it never was, it is better if I leave her."
5. Clif Wine Climber Pouch : what better than a wine named after your favorite sport and in a more environmentally friendly package that you can easily transport to the crag.
1. Ans: A bt B: 8 (perfect, hard to get) 2. Ans: B bt A: 5 (not easy to correctly identified the finalists) 3. Ans: A bt C: 3 (know the champ is good) 4. Ans: C bt B: 2 (not bad to know the runner up) 5. Ans: C bt A: 1 (well, still better than nothing) 6. Ans: B bt C: 1 (same as #5)
7. Billy "White Shoes" Johnson -- "You said 'Best' or 'Worst' and nobody was better than 'White Shoes.' Today's athletes just show off but when you watched him, you saw the joy that comes from doing something well.
2 T Olive Oil 2 links hot italian sausage 2 medium onions, chopped 5 or 6 stalks celery, chopped 4 or 5 carrots, chopped 3 lbs wazy potatoes, cubed 1 28oz can whole plum shaped tomatoes 12 oz fresh green beans, snapped to spoon size 20 cups homemade chicken broth 2 cups sweet corn (frozen is fine, fresh is better) 3 or 4 leaves kale, ripped into bite sized peices
2. Everything it foists as a product of common descent-e.g., similarities in morphology and genomes-is better explained as a product of common design.
1. Routing - More testing shows that you can get good routes by using the "alternative route" function, which is better than nothing, but kind of defeats the purpose of routing inthe first place... 2. Map data - I wouldn't say it's poor?
7, 2011 AT 5 PM EDT) -- An article appearing in the Sept. 7 New England Journal of Medicine , reporting on National Institutes of Health research on brain stents, says aggressive medical treatment without stenting is better for high-risk stroke patients.
... 45 BROCKMANN, H. J.-Diversity in the Nesting Behavior of Mud-daubers (Trypoxylon politum Say: Sphecidae) .-----.. -- -... ..- ...------... 53 SMITH, R. L.-Evolution of Exclusive Postcopulatory Paternal Care in the Insects ....-...... ........ .. ....... -------- --- ----- 65 WALKER, T. J.-Migrating Lepidoptera: Are Butterflies Better Than Moths?
A collection of 9 stories, including the title story, and a complex "detective" story "The Spanish Bed." VG/G (rem mark, small black mark on front endpaper, bumped lower corner, edgewear and tears to lower edge of dj.) - despite the list of flaws, this copy is actually quite presentable and better than just a reading copy. .
333, yes, but better than anything else out there, honestly, at least from my gearing perspective.
1. NFC 2. HD Voice (per Sprint, Apple's version will not work with Sprint network) 3. Simultaneous voice and data (again, per reports, Apple's CDMA/LTE setup will not provide this) 4. Physical Camera button 5. Larger screen (wider, not just longer, big difference for me with data viewing and typing on screen) 6. Kickstand 7. microSD slot 8. Probably better antennae performance (In my experience in basement data, voice, and WiFi are slightly better than iPhone 4S.
Above-Simple Passive Capacitor in pristine gravitational place, picks up gravity fluctuations -and functions better than a telescope to pick up star movements / explosions.. also measureably faster than light-speed.. Michael Faraday- a capacitive field is in the form of a gravity field.
536) as a surname of Cybele , in the place of mater , or magna mater , but it is better known, in the religious history of Rome, as a surname of Venus , to whom J. Caesar dedicated a temple at Rome, as the mother of the Julia gens.
Actually, what it probably means is bad news for Argentina, which, by its record (5-1) and the way it has looked, might be only marginally better than Spain (which the U.S. squad beat by 37), Greece (which the U.S. beat by 23) and Lithuania (beaten by 36 in an exhibition), assuming that the Argentines are better at all.
2 N o n - c o n t e n t i o n p r o t o c o l s For a network that can be saturated with data easily, it is sensible to adopt a non- contention medium access protocol since it performs much better than a contention protocol under heavy workload.
5. Libya has the highest standard of living in Africa (even better than South Africa,Mauritius and Seychelles).
A couple of the losses have been pure choke jobs where Duke should have won ('02 loss to Indiana, '04 loss to UConn), but most just occurred because Duke got beat by a team that could run, jump and defend better than it even though the opponent had a lower seed ('05 Mich.
A buttload better than the contrived 'true love' of the Tenth Doctor with Rose Tyler at any rate.
10.2-megapixel Back-Illuminated "Exmor R" CMOS Sensor Producing Stunning Images in Low Light The DSC-WX1 features a 10.2-megapixel "Exmor R" CMOS image sensor that brings out the full resolving power of the camera's G lens to deliver extremely fast speed, high resolution, and stunning low-light sensitivity with improved image clarity and drastically reduced grain--2x better than traditional sensors of equivalent size and pixel count.
According to an item in HealthTips , a newsletter published by Stanford University Medical Center, even a small amount of exercise is better for patients than no exercise at all.
AA president Edmund King said: "It is better to get cars off the road to keep traffic flowing.
Adams is a bust DeCastro is less than advertised Adrian Robinson will be better than Harrison, Lloyd and Greene at OLB Ford is the next Bus Butler is the next Ray Guy Robert Golden is really made out of gold and is the next Troy P. Gilreath is the next Swann
1. WR - Unless a guy like Lee falls, guys like Davante Adams, Allen Robinson and Jordan Matthews are really no different than guys like Mike Davis and Cody Hoffman - and I personally like Davis and Hoffman a lot better than those guys anyway.
accounts, and Yahoo! should be thinking of ways to lure disenchanted Facebook users away (they've got to be able to do it better than Diaspora at least).
A definitely much better option that Larwill park (even may be better than the Canada post building), the main reason is the "knock-out entrance to the downtown", and associated bold statement the city can make on its values.
A bit darker now, but I think I like this one a little better than photo 3. It also has another airliner in the image.
2000 The 2000 campaign was a tale of 2 seasons for the Korean-born hurler in his first full major league year of service...produced "All-Star" caliber numbers over better than 3 months to open the year going 2-3 with 14 saves in 16 opportunities and a 1.82 ERA spanning 33 appearances...wasn't nearly as successful in his final 28 outings (1 start), going 4-3 with no saves in 4 opportunities with a 7.84 ERA, allowing 27 earned runs in 31.0 innings.
Actually1 top 2 bot is better if the top is a jungler or semi jungler(udyr-fiora-etc) he can have full control of the top lane with the lanters ward and after picking the buff come back to lane and get the exp from a minion wave.
6 cups chicken stock (I make my own but you could use any brand/type, Better than Bouillon is good) 1 "bunch" Chard 1 15.5 oz can of white beans (any of the types will work) garlic (to taste) red pepper flakes (to taste) Parmesan Cheese
10 times better than Tebow, which is why he'll go in the top 10 and should be the first QB drafted.
After all, likely the reason so many people follow the "simpler is better" philosophy religiously is that there's usually more second order distortion, which has been proven to be euphonic.
4. Andrea Grandi - Speedy Gonzabel - Italy / 83 Points 5. Chris Edin - Dino Bravo - USA / 80 Points 6. Doug Van Orsow - Greenbelt Grimpeurs - USA / 78 Points 7. Raymond Tiangco - My Legs Look Better Than Yours - Philippines / 76 Points 8. Ralf Hönscheid - Tailwind Geckos - Germany / 72 Points 9. Sam Bills - EUROTRASH!!! - UK / 72 Points 10.
ADDITION: Optimum - Dec 06' : While the Optimum transfer, a port of the Studio Canal re-release, is better than Warner, almost par with Criterion, and has the scenes not included in the Warner edition (see bottom), it is still cropped on the left to reduce frame from 1.33 to 1.30.
add to that the existence of a shiny, aerodynamically fashioned outer skin, and the motor car is better equipped to cheat physical drag created by moving a large object through a static body of air.
2013 has been a huge year for us who live and breathe cars, and nothing gets us going better than a concept.
(17) Isaacs, All the Moves, 192-93; Foghorn, December 2, 1955; San Francisco Chronicle, December 12, 1954; "Celtics Rate Russell Better Than Ever," Boston Traveler, undated, Bill Russell File, Basketball Hall of Fame, Springfield, MA; New York Times, December 13, 1956; Los Angeles Daily News, December 15, 1954.
1 lb frozen, chopped spinach 1 package Mori-Nu Silken Tofu 1 package onion soup mix 1/2 cup vegan mayonnaise 1/4 cup Better Than Cream Cheese (optional) 1 - 3 cloves garlic, minced 1 cup minced water chestnuts, drained 1/4 cup scallions (green onions), chopped
5 i , i H GOOD AS THE BEST AND BETTER THAN THE BEST: Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers A new lot of these well-known mowers just at hand, and they are In time for you to attend to tho grass that will be growing so fast on your lawns after the fine rains we have had.
2. How in the world in Ryan Mallett not the consensus top QB in the draft and how is he not competing for the top overall spot? 3. Julio Jones did everything better than A.J. yesterday but Green will still go ahead of Jones.
[ 7 ] Although the Gila monster appears closely related to the monitor lizards (varanids) of Africa, Asia and Australia, their wide geographical separation and the unique features not found in the varanids indicate the Gila monster is better placed in a separate family.
Adolphson and Barrera talk about why SHIFT is making Cobalt better than ever-including a scheduled appearance by Ms. Mason 2009!
7 # Obedience is better than sacrifice (cf. 1 Sm 15:22; Is 1:10-20; Hos 6:6; Am 5:22-25; Mi 6:6-8; Acts 7:42-43 [quoting Am 5:25-26]).
17, 1954 No. 64 Unbeaten Bucks, Troy Tiff Jan. 1 by Murray Brown Daily Trojan Sports Editor The Trojans, who have done better than any other team in the Rose Bowl and have never lost to the Big Ten under Coach Jess Hill, cross paths with undefeated Ohio State on New Year's Day at Pasadena.
2)--2012 Democratic National Convention: Remarks as Prepared for Delivery by Scarlett Johansson 3)Not really better off than I was four hours ago, definitely not better than four coffees from now 4)My opponent and his running mate are new to foreign policy."
After all,Men North Face Windstopper free Coats Grey, she would not be having money troubles or health issues now if they weren't something she was either thinking or a mirror-image of her own beliefsTo deeply clean teeth, it has a dual cleaning action capability that enables it to clean the mouth twice better than regular toothbrush but with only one brush head For example; one of the most common symptoms of arthritis is to feel pain in different parts of the body
Adding an Android powered device is likely better than the company's previous mobile experience, but Windows Metro and the iPad are likely to dominate the tablet landscape, in our view, especially when it comes to the enterprise.
Adam has been awesome about showing us love in this and another article, though, which honestly is better!
About Better Than Cash Alliance The Better Than Cash Alliance partners with governments, the development community and the private sector to empower people by shifting from cash to electronic payments.
2k has waaay too many 70's on guys i know for certain are better than that than is called for, but maybe that's just me.
Actually, atheists claim three things in this regard: we claim that you are patently lying when you invent some god or other; we claim that no one has the truth, if by "truth" you mean an understanding of why the universe exists; and we claim that the application of reason gets us to everyday truths better than does wishful thinking.
3:8 Art thou better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea? 3:9 Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers.
A concrete wall across the street is good, but a big tree three steps away from you is better.
3/4 cup apple juice or cider 2 tsp corn starch 1/2 tsp chicken granules (low sodium variety is better) 1-2 tbsn olive oil
4:3  Yes, better than them both is him who has not yet been, who has not seen the evil work that is done under the sun.
#21 Trevor Bayne - While he's no better than any of the other drivers worth considering on the list, his part-time status usually makes him appealing when he starts.
1) To build a culture of the "family unit" and promote that two parents are better than one.
A. Avoid that yellowish look that nobody (including myself) seems to like B. Give it the crisper clean (mildly blue-ish) look that everyone seems to like with something like the Phoenix 14k C. My corals would reap the benefits of the 6500k bulb and would actually grow better than with a 14k?
100 times better than Twilight (sorry kids!).
After convincing me that AV is the bestest system my duaghter had a slight change of heart(or maybe that was only my perception) and said that it was only slightly better than the current system.
20)   Khalid El Amin (former pot-smoking UCONN hoopster who thought he was better than he was and left early for the NBA only to have an abrupt end to his career) On the List Because: Not a prolific icon by any means, but he was in the spotlight in college long enough to annoy people with his midget legs and shorts that looked like clam diggers.
4012 This is a little bit faster than trapping 4013 and makes a few dynamic recompilers work 4014 better than they would in emulation mode.
1. Star Trek: The Original Series - First and last word in science fiction 2. Frasier - Utterly brilliant comedy 3. Little Britain - Classic 4. Futurama - Way better than the simpsons.
3DS Max 5 (surprisingly) comes with no MD3/GLM plugins....which is odd considering GMax (free alternative for those of you who want to model in something better than Milkshape BTW)...he may have the legal version tho
4 - TRADING SECRETS (BEST BET) plunges in class; beat better than this two starts back by 6 for Navarro, who wins 35% of the time off layoffs.
4  But anyone who is alive in the world of the living has some hope; a live dog is better off than a dead lion.
[0129] When the amount of change in the RSRP RN is within the predetermined range and when the RSRQ RN is better than the predetermined level after the radio terminal UE is connected to the relay node RN, the report controller 123 according to the third embodiment performs such control as to issue a report to the relay node RN after performing correction to lower the RSRP e NB relative to the RSRP RN .
After a fistful of Boom stick Ash finds himself in feudal Japan, EVIL DEAD, ONIMUSHA, INUYASHA cross over, can it get any better than this
A chill, pot-smoking roomie that you at least get along with most of the time might be better than whatever roulette roommate you get when you complain of a problem.
1. TRAFFIC [ Organic traffic is better for earning money online because people who visit your blog from Google tend to click more than the regular ones ]
+2 Mystic Tomato (can get out scientist, Apprentice Magician, The Dark - Hex-Sealed Fusion) +2 The Dark - Hex-Sealed Fusion (better than king of the Swamp)
A Ferrari looks better than a Toyota Camry, but all cars should be safe to drive.
239 Although the effect of vitamin supplementation was no better than placebo in treating alcohol-associated depression, the vitamins did result in a significant drop in anxiety within three weeks of use.
1/2 cup all purpose flour 1/2 cup and 2 TBS sugar 1/4 tsp salt (actually I used a small pinch of kosher salt 2oz or 1/2 stick  unsalted butter, cold (frozen is better) 1 egg yolks 1/4 tsp vanilla extract 1 TBS cold water
A-B already produces a few seasonal brews, but Sun Dog is a little better than the rest, with a body that is light but a taste that offers some distinct refreshment that is great for a hot summer day.
Absolute anti-war pacifists roughly 20%; practical committed pacifists and peace advocates roughly 80% Africa Ubuntu community & social justice merits more attention Police power better than war power because more focused Assertive non-violence a core path to the future (plenty of Gandhi, Neubauer, Kant in here)
"1 am convinced that it is better for the Arabs of Soudan, who from any. chancefall into slavery, to b sold to the Arabs of Tell and of-the LittleDesert, than. to remain in the handsof the enemy whdohas seized them.
[ 12 ] "Better Than Heaven" references the Garden of Eden and Corinthians (15:22) , [ 6 ] because the lyricist wanted to explore the themes of sex and death, especially in a biblical context.
1. Paul Martin himself 7 ("disappointing" was the word of choice) 2. Opposition 6 (there were three who basically said "Layton's terrible, but better than the others" and three who said "Harper's terrible, but not as terrible as he's made to be") 3. Strategic Voting 4 3. Tired/Arrogant Party 4 5.
3B where Chipper has earned another year to show he hasn't completely lost the bat speed to get to the fastball, Left field where Anderson actually looked a lot better than anyone thought but still needs to go (possibly a platoon job with Diaz) and RF where Heyward will take residence for the next decade.
20 mins I was on it testing out chrome beta and the camera and it does indeed fly much better than my nexus s but the battery dropped 20% in that time.
1975), which, in dicta, approvingly quoted WAYNE R. LAFAVE & AUSTIN W. SCOTT, JR., HANDBOOK ON CRIMINAL LAW (1972): "[D]uress cannot justify murder--or, as it is better expressed (since duress may justify the underlying felony and so justify what would otherwise be a felony murder), duress cannot justify an intentional killing of (or attempt to kill) an innocent third person."
36 Some Like It Hot (1959) -- Much better than the Power Station song of the same name.
1. Their internet connection speed and up-time will be far better than yours on land (never mind at sea) 2. Their hourly rates are about half whatever you might ask for, and 3.
+1 the samsung is not a phone ... its a tablet with phone capabilities built in... it would be like walking around with a kindle held to your ear ... Bigger isn't always better. is there some cool features .. maybe ... but seriously the bigger is better concept is getting rediculous.
10. Yes she Korinna seemed all queued up to blame Amanda for the pants, when the pants most certainly saved them from being in the bottom AND they apparently were patterned and sewn by Amanda AND they looked better than the jacket.
10-Kobe Bryant: The best player in the game may be better than ever now that defenses also have to account for Pau Gasol.
After a lifetime achievement award was presented to Sesame Street , which will soon turn 40, Cookie Monster said: "It's not only a great honor, but it's delicious Wow, that tastes even better than a Latin Grammy."
a big name you know, better than expected profits, ethan allen and that's up just a little bit, but the dow is up 55. a doctor at the center of a huge disability fraud scheme helping patients fake injuries.
A COACH 2.TALENT SCOUT 3. GENERAL MANAGER 4. NOT GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL THIS YEAR IN THE HOUSE HE BUILT!!! and levito the chance of the giants loseing to the cowboys next week , is like saying colt mcoy is better then peyton manning lol !
15 ), that is, " it is better to shine like a flame for a little while, than to perpetually smoulder ", I resolved that I would see this work through at any cost.
After I made that fix, the paddles fit my hand much better than when the tubes were in the wrong place (imagine that!), and they do force a slightly different stroke than I was used to, and prevent me from cutting the stoke short, so hopefully they are doing their job.
1.Akram better than McGrath 2.Imran Khan better than Mike Brearley 3.Miandad better than Bradman 4.Qadir better than Warne 5.Any Pakistan team better than Clive Lloyd's West Indies or Steve Waugh's Australia 6. Any match Pakistan loses is fixed(anybody can see that).
AAI wasn't quite as good as Trials and Tribulations or Ace Attorney, but it was certainly better than Apollo Justice (awful characters, poor decisions regarding Phoenix Wright and the lack of any real cameos from Edgeworth, Gumshoe, etc)
According to CR, car owners perceive the Ford brand as nearly equal to the Toyota brand, and on key factors of safety, quality and value, they rank Ford better than Toyota.
After all, reptilian eyes are one of the things that show better than Andromeda is a human transformed into a dragon while Cetus is a true dragon (another one of those things is that she has the hair and he did not).
After having good knowledge of Afghanistan I feel our Ambassador knows better than myself what Pakistan must do in Afghanistan.
(1) I do not believe the NBA is better now than it was then.
After a season dominated by talk of Ohio, Virginia and Florida, Campaign 2012 suddenly shifted focus to a new trio of states Wednesday amid a new verbal battle about which candidate is better positioned to win on Tuesday.
2012 is just beginning and with every new year comes new promises of this year will be better than the last, in terms of health, happiness, and prosperity.
221 observes, " Dr. King performed the chief part of it with great dexterity, and so much ease to the pa- tient, that he made not the least complaint, nor so much as any grimace during the whole time of the operation ; that he found himself very well upon it, his pulse and appetite being better than before, his sleep good, his body as soluble as usual, it being observed,, that the same day he had three or four stools, as he used to have before."
16:41:38 I work here 18teen loli girl sex i don't care what anyone say's she is the baddest bitch on this website.. and this nigga is fuck'n lucky as shit... shy lolita pre teen euro-porn would be indisputably better than American vintage IF they would not insist on super-imposing the WAY over the top moaning and groaning.
09:00 local Solar Time is allegedly better than 90% accurate ! - even though it takes no account of rate of barometer change, wind speed or temperature.
5 1965 UCLA After three straight second-place finishes to rival USC, UCLA senior Arthur Ashe swept the NCAA singles and doubles (with Ian Crookenden) titles to help the Bruins to the largest margin of victory under the old tournament format - 18 points better than second-place Miami.
After finishing no better than third in three starts on dirt as a 2-year-old, La Tia was given the winter and spring off.
1. Edwards - won't be available at #10 2. Williams - add another WR stud to the stables 3. DJ - HB's passion about this guy has swayed me a bit 4. Rolle - I like him much better than Pac Man 5. Barron - best prospect at biggest area of need 6. Spears - add 20+ lbs and team with Rogers for years 7. James - would be higher if not for injury history 8. Merriman - move Redding to DT and pair SM w/ Hall at DE
After a day spent soaking up the Mediterranean sunshine and trying your hand at the many water sports available on the local beach what could be better than a short stroll down the road to experience the fantastic nightlife the resort has to offer.
16 rounds of hyper accurate 9mm carried C&L in a package roughly the same size as a Glock 19, yet handles better than a Glock to me.
#1 Challenge yourself to write something from your own experience #2 Start using something outside of the box #3 Remember that fresh is better than out of date #4 Be someone who thinks about helping others #5 Expect to see yourself going somewhere other have not gone #6 Never settle for the same old stuff #7 Read something new every once in a while
2 January 2013 Last updated at 03:25 GMT Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print Singapore growth beats estimates as it avoids recession Singapore's manufacturing sector has been hurt by slowing global demand Continue reading the main story Related Stories Singapore's start-ups seek success Singapore firms rethink strategy Watch Singapore: Economic slowdown opens foreign labour debate Singapore's economy has averted a technical recession, as it reported better-than-expected growth data for the fourth quarter.
"Abu Hurairah reported that the Messenger of Allah said: By One in whose hand there is my life, it is certainly near that the son of Mary will bring down to you justice and administration, that he will destroy the Cross, kill swines and abolish Jizya that wealth will increase so much so that nobody will accept it, so much so that one prostration will be better than the world and what will be therein.
18. Margaret Thatcher - ADMIRE MOST AGAINST: Poll tax; handing back Hong Kong (turned out better than anyone hoped, though); supported Pinochet, apartheid South Africa, and John Major; didn't notice that Nigel Lawson's rocket fuel was fucking the British economy.
[11] The inference from what James says is that believing in God is better because it does not undermine our dearest desires or frustrate our cherished impulses.
A cheap option is via the tube, which is better value than for other hotels, because you are starting/ending your trip from Zone 3, not Zone 1 - Breakfast every morning - Friendly staff Cons: - Not much in the vicinity except for a Tesco express read hotel review
6 Young Republican Chickenhawks Not seeming to understand that by destroying Iraq future generations will probably want some payback, these young Republicans hold the view that it is better to "fight them over there, than fight them here".
(According to our simulation, the outcome of broadcasting using a half communication range is better than that of the full communication range, especially for sensors in the boundary zones.) Figure 4 shows a scenario after the broadcasting step.
[ 67 ] [ 152 ] On January 2, 2002, three months before her death, Lisa Lopes disclosed to her fansite that she would "whoop Foxy's ass," adding that "I don't advocate violence [...] nobody's better than [my persona] N.I.N.A." [ 153 ] Additional controversy later developed between Brown and Lopes' protégée Natina Reed , in which Brown made obscene comments toward the Blaque vocalist in her song "7:30" from her third album, Broken Silence (2001).
A birdie four on the long final hole gave him a seven under par 65 - two shots better than the previous lows of the week from Justin Rose and Jamie Donaldson on day one and yesterday's 67 of Fernando Gonzalez-Castano.
10. Overall the game is better than TNA Impact! and the post AKI WCW games like Nitro , Thunder and Backstage Assault , as well as the three WWF games for the original Xbox.
1) I think there is also a need for guaranteed messages which do not have to come in order - for example it is better to receive rocket fire event from player 3 before preceeding event from player 2 then to stall on it.
.15v doesn't sound like much, but it is better than 10% of 1.35v and yes it does make an observable difference in readings.
2:32  And the Lord shall return his blood upon his own head, because he murdered two men, just and better than himself: and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing it, Abner the son of Ner, general of the army of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, general of the army of Juda.
40/50 Gut is the INSIDE ZONE play, which John Riggins (with the HOGS in front of him) ran better than anyone I have ever seen.
Adobe ( ADBE - Analyst Report ) reported mixed results after the close on Thursday, but the software maker came out with better-than-expected subscription sales for its web-based Creative Cloud application.
1.Arizona Cardinals 2. The Mets(hey a september colapse is better then one in may) 3. Republicans (their idiot mistake was only in power for 8 years and nutting has been around since 96) 4. The Heavens Gate Cult 5.Enron stock holders (it went well for a little while, more then the pirates can say) 6.Even the Detroit Lions
(06/15/11) Health experts have always insisted that we need to eat vegetables if we want to have a real healthy diet, and with many yummy vegetable gardens popping up after spring plantings, there are five key veggies at the top of the list as the healthiest: When picking vegetables, the fresh and frozen vegetables are better than canned vegetables, because they have less added salt.
11 As a fisherman noted, "It is not that fishing is better off than the other sectors; it is that the other sectors are worse off than fishing!" G-28
A comparison with steel and concrete shows that radiata pine structural timber, for example, has a strength for weight ratio 20 percent higher than structural steel and four to five times better than unreinforced concrete in compression.
2003 came and Lincoln introduced the redesigned Navigator, a design that in my eyes has aged much better than the current generation.
#6-199 Adam Haayer, T, Minnesota Previous Pick-Green Bay-David Martin, TE, Tennessee Next Pick-New Engalnd-Leonard Myers, CB, Miami Previous T-6-185-Mitch White, Oregon State (New Orleans) Next T-7-201-Brandon Gorin, Purdue (San Diego) The 7th round was better than the 6th, as the presence of Brandon Gorin shows.
After almost a decade of looking at a cordoned-off city block pocked with concrete pilings, Sacramentans might be tempted to think anything would be better than the infamous "hole in the ground" at Third and Capitol.
2nd Annual Jingle Ball! 2 balls are better than 1!
Actually, most landscape photographers I talk to think that the mark ii is slightly better than the mark iii in image quality.
(5)         Construction of an alternative measure that reduces nutrient loading as well as or better than the riparian buffer that is lost in the same river basin as the riparian buffer that is lost and that is approved by the Department.
1. Signum Pro Tornado 1.17 - FANTASTIC string, better than Tecnifibre BlackCode.
A Brief History of Everything is an altogether friendly and accessible account of men and women's place in a universe of sex, soul, and spirit, written by an author of whom New York Times reporter Tony Schwartz says: "No one has described the path to wisdom better than Ken Wilber."
2010 top 3 1) Marriage better than ever (BIG deal) 2) Launch of Choose People 3) Year round Bikram yoga (usually bail in the summer) (want to include our amazing kids - but they were amazing this year and last year - the comparison factor)
16 things Calvin and Hobbes said better than anyone else
1. technical progress that improved our live and made it possible to be little better than just survival 2. the Victorian romantic literature that is a consequence of the fact that upper class had too much time free from surviving and wars that allowed them to think a little about sexuality, spirituality etc.
8 Reasons Why the Cleveland Indians Are Better Than the Detroit Tigers
A Christmas Story (1983) If you don't like Jean Shepherd (the author and narrator), then you don't like America, he chronicled it's heyday, the 40's and 50's, in books of stories; this one is based on In God We Trust, All Others Pay Cash , which is far better than this entertaining film, which captures about 1/3rd of Shepherd's punch.
According to the U.S. Department of Education (ironically, a champion of NCLB), studies show that schools using the Reading First program performed no better than schools that did not.
14. Calgary  //  Why I'll Be Right:  They're not outright abysmal but they're certainly not good, Kiprusoff will do decently but won't get enough scoring support, the rest of their division will probably be better than they are (thus burying them this far down).
#1 drug in America Caffeine is better known as trimethylxanthine - PowerPoint PPT Presentation
0 comments Betty Scripps second marriage to Jeremy Harvey didn't take any better than the first one did, the Washington Post's Reliable Source reports.
2) Alex Smith unprecedentedly plays leaps better than even his last two seasons in San Francisco 3) The 2nd rounder we get from the Dolphins turns out to be a pretty damn good player
A distinguished editor of The Herald, he knows Scotland and its people better than most.
2.azpicuta 3.filipe 4.matic 5.Terry 6.cahill 7.schulle 8.willian 9.costa 10.fabregas 11.chief hazard bench...osca,lukaku,madzukic,zouma,omeruo,ramires,salah,van gikel,ivanovic,mikel,moses,schwazzar...dis is better
#23 There is in fact no contradiction between taking the view that a Labour government, no matter how inadequate, would be better than a government of the tories and /or lib dems, and believing it necessary to build a mass party to the left of Labour.
Absolute Record: 10-6 - This would suggest that the team is actually better than the Buffalo Bills, which get a Wild Card due to a higher number of non-rounded expected wins, despite also rounding to a 9-7 record.
1) A team that manages to regularly win by a good margin is performing better than a team that manages to regularly win a close margin (with no respect to actual wins and losses).
1) Doest it worth going full mastery build after you reach P2 and you have Lei Shi haste buff? 2) Since you can be send shortly after fight starts to panda platform, does it worth to save Fire Elemental for that? 3) Ascendance for platform or Sha in P1? 4) In P2, is better to use Ascendance for nuking Sha if there no adds or Lava Beam adds? 5) Anything else what worth to mention how this fight could be specific for Elemental?
actually... Shannon.. the "very definition of racism" is the belief that there are inherent differences between various races, and that certain races are therefore better than others, and should be treated differently because of those differences.
A 2013 Cochrane review-considered a gold standard for large systematic reviews of health research-notes, for instance, that when it comes to anxiety disorders, seeing a therapist in person is most likely superior to self-help based on books and on apps but that "self-help is probably better than no treatment."
1) the cabin will be cleaned, and looking fresh again 2) the crew is changed at AMS , so they're 'fresh' as well and willing to serve you 3) ground staff at AMS is much better than at CDG 4) ...you're still flying a very empty MD11!!
After having some time to reflect, I think I've decided that the newest Harry Potter book is not necessarily the best one since the first, but it is definitely better than the last and a very worthy addition to the series.
4. Cincinnati Bengals- Grade B+: Best Pick- Kevin Zeitler, OG, Wisconsin Best Value- Orson Charles, TE, Georgia I don't see Kirkpatrick as a very big risk and think he was better than Gilmore who went 10th.
8) Using the location you chose above for the recovery area, copy the database to the server auxiliary is on (this is better if you have clustered/shared storage between the two servers).
1290 But yet we are beside the question Which thou didst raise the first contest on; For that was, Whether Bears are better Than Synod-men?
A decade ago, I did a piece for the World at One on Radio 4 asking whether economic forecasts were any better than weather forecasts, and started it with a clip of John Major, in his short stint as Chancellor, predicting that growth in the year ahead would be 2%; in fact the economy contracted by about 2%.
1. Mickey Mantle - better than Joe D but not as good as Speaker or Cobb in my system.
1- The fact that a man is more conscious than a woman and more able in doing the matters of protection and maintenance (of his wife), is a general rule and not an absolute one, as there are also women who are better than many men, they are more wise, better in conducting affairs, and more intelligent, but the religious rulings are based on what is general and dominant.
1 ice cold Mexican beer (dark is better) coarse salt (for the rim) 1/4 cup fresh lime juice 1-2 dashes of hot chile sauce (such as Tabasco, Tapatio or Cholula) 1 dashes of soy sauce 1 dashes worchestshire sauce beer mug or large glass (chilled if possible) Ice lime wedge for garnish
After a tight first half in which both teams shot better than 60 percent, the Wolverines broke things open in the second half of play by holding the hot-shooting RedHawks to 44.4 percent (16-of-36) from the floor while maintaining their steady shooting and finishing the game with a 64.3 percentage (27-of-42).
1996 Olympic gold medalist Trina Jackson was no better than 5th, but she is virtually guaranteed a position on the relay provided that there are enough doubles (2 or more wins by one swimmer).
Abnormalities in peripheral muscle function such as weakness and reduction in oxidative enzyme activities are commonly found in these patients and may contribute to exercise intolerance.To evaluate whether a systemic weightlifting exercise may improve exercise capacity better than endurance training, or a combined training is more effective, the investigators compared three different training regimens, endurance training alone, systemic weightlifting training alone or a combination of both endurance and weightlifting training.
According to David Hume, resident vice-president of Citibank, the prospects are better than they were in 1978.
8 Are you better than No Amon [ h ] That was situated by the River, [ i ] That had the waters around her, Whose rampart was the sea, Whose wall was the sea? 9  Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, And it was boundless; Put and Lubim were your [ j ] helpers.
2) Please keep the physical qwertyboard but better than that keep it at the current size, it's friggin' wonderful!!!! So, one full touchscreen model, one bold, one curve, and flip/slider (style/9810) .... that seems to be all BB should focus on, 4 form factors. 3) Everyone's talking camera's but I'm not impressed with this "my MP number is bigger than yours, nana nana boo boo" crap.
10. (S) According to many accounts of his statements at the funeral, Al-Jalahma said the attack "was a message to us all," and said the two Kuwaitis "were better than us because they stood up against infidels bent on usurping our rights."
2 night stop over in ubeda from start to finish I found this hotel excellent staff always friendly , rooms clean and spacious a lot better than 3 stars on the coast , pool was a little small but still enjoyed the patio area , and the drinks prices although a little bit more expensive not extortionate like hotels on...
3. Something else... Either go back to a revamped version Carosel of Progress or America Sings - which is better than what they have now... OR develope something new...
20mm is covered by the 20-50 which is better than the 20 prime from the various sources I was checking out (the lenstip review wasn't very encouraging for the 20 prime)
25, 2004) at 2 (responding to question about the quality of the DeLuna scene investigation: "I.D. Division was very inefficient at the time; now is better.").
[1]A steady flow of better-than-expected news out of the housing market is painting a brighter picture for the nation's lenders and, perhaps best of all, a predicted tidal wave of foreclosures never made it to shore.
1) Drink Alcohol (if a little is good, a lot is better) and, with each swallow, know you are stimulating the economy.
7. Belize -- while I liked the cave tubing in Caves Branch, I found the Cayes (Amergris and Caulker, both of which I visited) unappealing (next time I may make it further out on to the reef, where the diving is better).
Actually, this one, IMO, was a smash for the fact that it did better than expected by the studio heads after the bomb which was the 2003 version.
[28] And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou.
Abit I am sure has made a tremendous cumulative impact on countless individual decisions of the sort, and the community is better off not only because of his keen macro perspective, but also because he took on the task of voicing and transmitting the resulting concerns at every opportunity.
1) "Not much" is better than "nothing" - Obama is right that the average American wouldn't save much with a gas tax holiday.
17) Some people think Star Wars is better than Star Trek.
Accordingly R. opacus strain B-4 has been shown to perform the conversion of water-immiscible chemicals much better than the rather hydrophilic bacterium Escherichia coli (Hamada et al. 2009 ).
About five minutes into David Krentz & Erik Nelson's CG animated feature, Dinotasia , the thought occurred to me that this film didn't look any better than any number of Discovery Channel TV programs.
(3)  Fear: Most women simply do not want to be alone and once they get use to a particular lifestyle and acquitted with a particular man, give him their trust and accept him whole heartedly, leaving such a man for any reason becomes a fear and this kind of women simply believe that been with such man is even better than been without a man.
1. On a Saturday 2. Try to Think About Me (Don't You Worry a Bit) 3. When the Sun Rose Up This Morning 4. My Home Is Nowhere Without You 5. Afternoon Dance Party, An 6. Someone Knows Better Than Me 7. Next Year in Zion 8. Lovers Are Waterproof 9. Baby Is Afraid of Sharks 10.
25) Joe Carter - Better than the Baylor/Smith/Johnson trifecta, but still not top 15 material.
A couple of days ago, my iPod played me Hank Thompson's "Cocaine Blues", an insanely cheerful Western swing song about killing a woman and ending up in jail - the darker version by Johnny Cash live at Folsom Prison is better known.
[2] It's not better than the source material but David Morales puts those pianos to great use on his house jam " Needin U ".
24 Are those things more useful for you to learn by heart than what you just have heard, that a small city on a rugged headland is better and more fortunate, if orderly, than a great city in a smooth and level plain, that is to say, if that city is conducted in disorderly and lawless fashion by men of folly?'
1. Building a great team: Founders fail if they don't hire people who are better than they are and who don't stretch beyond finger-pointing, according to Mr. Kertzman.
19 Most recently, fluvoxamine was better than placebo for rapid mood shifts in BPD but not for impulsivity or aggression.
1:47 And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than your name, and make his throne greater than your throne.
A Flyers team that is better than the New Jersey Devils, and that got a long stretch of great goaltending from Ilya Bryzgalov besides, nonetheless finds itself hip-deep now in a playoff series in which it has surrendered the home-ice advantage.
3. i hear him singing handel's alleluia as he makes it to the corner sounds a lot like nat king cole, yeah he's gotta lotta soul he turns around, opens his cardboard sign i laugh 'cause it says "her lawyer was better than mine"
[ 8 ] [ 27 ] Although fellow Kansas alum John McClendon actually invented the four corners offense, Smith is better known for utilizing it in games.
53-10-19 Oakland Tribune another better than anybody else's old-West-gun-toting radio shows by' Jimmy Stewart as "The Six Shooter" with an 11-year-old boy [Sammy Ogg] probably acting better than he knew how opposite such a fine actor
#153 Rich Renter - when money is offered too cheap to believe it such is a trap, and it is like going down to Dundas and Jarvis late at night or parts in the area as a lady in waiting will be there for you making an offer better than Walmart.
According to Viva!, a UK animal rights organization, "the Freedom Food scheme claims to set the highest animal welfare standards when in fact they fall well short of the Soil Association's standards and are usually only little better than the legal minimum requirements.
(about this piece) Aperture Science (is better than mesa) We do what we must because we can.
2) A third big that fits better than Hawes who we could have gotten for the BAE since to keep Collison we would have had to use the MLE on him, and since Cleveland obviously due to Lebron wasn't going to be signing and trading anyone to us, we wouldn't have money for Hawes.
10 years ago these were all the rage but today's research suggests that less control and cushion is better as it promotes proper technique.
2, Is better to google voice recongition, use clean audio, without music, or other voices, and how ever, can give errors on the convertion, also google translate, but is real that google have got fast evolu in the sources.
(2008) 3) "It is Better to Be Silent than Speak in Vain: The Challenge of Producing Proverbs in Demotic and Greek", in Current Research in Egyptology 2005: Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Symposium, University of Cambridge 2005 , R. Mairs and A. Stevenson (eds.),
1n your last week's issue I noticed an article from De Witt C. Cooley, entitled "The Parrot-headed Peda gogue of Mentor," in which the writer, in a series of hi^'h sounding words, attempts to characterize President Gartiela as little better than a school master in point of admmistra tivejudgment,and a convicted felon in point of Integrity.
01/23/13 - Los Angeles, CA - The Mint Virtuoso Residency featuring: Michael Jerome - drums (better than ezra, richard thompson), David Graham- bass, Steve Molitz (Particle, Phil Lesh) - keyboards, Omar Torrez (Tom Waits) - guitar, delphine de St Paër - vocals, Danny Harvey (The Head Cat) - guitar
According to Jim Ruthenberg writing in the NY Times, "Barack Obama's Democratic primary victory in 2008 came in large part because his strategists understood the way delegates were being doled out state by state - even to the losing candidate, based on his or her share of the vote - better than Hillary Rodham Clinton's team did" [149] and Carson is credited with the post-Super Tuesday strategy that centered on winning arcane caucuses around the country, catapulting Obama to victory over Clinton in the quest for the Democratic nomination for President.
29. Would you rather adopt 1, 5, 6, or 12? Harry, Fred, George or Oliver... Ummm... Oliver cuz I am a Quidditch fanatic and that Harry is better in romantic way...
%0D Davis or Stanwyck would have been so much better than the mask-faced zombie who actually played the part.%0D
A beast of a product These slip-ons are Amazing - a little pricey but are well worth it - they look awesome and sound even more Incredible - Got the C/F finish and with the aero/sporty look they are so much better than stk - also the sound is crazy bad.. Love the deep rumble - louder than stock but would not have it any other way - Yoshi is the choice of pipe for me- Love Them.. December 7, 2015
After all, this is one of those films in which none of the zillion rounds of pistol, shotgun and automatic weapon fire unleashed at the hero, no matter how dire his straits, can do better than hit his bulletproof vest (once); nor is any honest working-stiff patrolman around when the good guys and bad guys begin, yet again, to demolish Detroit.
A big part of its user base is foreign tourists 9as well as budget domestic visitors) and unless new service to the Silver Line is better promoted than existing services (5A and the Flyer), there will be a lag in those people using any new services.
[7:37:43 PM] Mav: so LFTor guild, I'm thinking "Scruffy Nerf Herders" [7:38:42 PM] Lynk: lol better than the ones thought of so far [7:39:36 PM] Mav: our slogan will be "We shoot first" [7:40:50 PM] Lynk: what about the empire side?
2. Wizards 88 Magic 87 - EJBB liked Kristaps Porzingis before the 2015 NBA draft, but liked Croatian 20 year old SG-SF Mario Hezonja more, because he has the ability to put the ball on the floor and get his own shot better than Porzingis can, while still having the Porzingis ability to stick the deep shot.
1. Family & Friends (because I'll struggle to think of six things) 2. Comedy (in all it's forms) 3. Banter (nothing better than insulting the people you like, right?) 4. My laptop (mainly for gaming, but facebook, news and skype too) 5. My iphone (the home of my music, contacts and angry birds) 6. Cuddles ( yea, I'm soppy)
Actually, the wideangle lenses are a tad better than the coeval WA lenses made for SLRs; an SLR uses a retrofocus design so the lens' rear element will clear the mirror, a RF camera has no such constraint.
4) Java's code re-use abilities are infinitely better than Perl 5) Java is a pure OO language (even more so than C++)... which means you have inheritance, encapsulation, and polymorphism.
Absolute awesome An album to have fun, to listen while drinkin Can't find any bad points in this album.. if Korpiklaani pledged to play a catchy and funny kind of folk metal, they are sure complying with their duty.. just listening Happy Little Boozer or Spring Dance makes a day better than what it could be.
63 pt win for the Swans, a lot better than we expected for the Giants, they worked so hard in that first half, were overrun well and truly in the 3rd and were pretty much spent by half way through the last, with so many teenagers in the team, they need another 1 or 2 preseasons to get that run in their legs, but the attack on the footy was pretty good all night long
1,000 metres--King Whistler 59.94 good; Slewjero 1:01.50 handily; Harry Could Dance 1:02.45 handily; Soca Rhapsody 1:02.62 handily; Amritsar 1:14.90 pacing; Star Entertainer 1:03.34 handily; Eye See You better than Cramers Rule 1:00.74;
Able personnel from Other Ranks should get chances to advance is better than massive hiring of Commissioned Officers.
0% forex and the rate they use when calculating exchanges seems always to be better than oanda's interbank rate (i also have the citi chairman amex and eventhough it's 0% forex, citi seems to always use a less favorable exchange rate than wf).
aerial with two wires will give better results than a single wire and three wires are better than two, but you must keep them well apart.
Abbas himself though, who somehow has risen above all of this, serves as an example of why sport is bigger and better than grown up things like love, death and taxes, and has provided a very valuable lesson to society.
1) Is the AWD the reason you're switching because AWD is better in the winter months?
5, ad 2), -- we are bound to love our neighbour's eternal good better than our own temporal good, and in certain special conjunctures to sacrifice the latter to the former.
A brief attempt to find something to watch the night before had revealed only two working channels, but anything had to be better than pacing anxiously from the bed to the window and back for the rest of the night.
10. Java synchronized block is better than java synchronized method in Java because by using synchronized block you can only lock critical section of code and avoid locking whole method which can possibly degrade performance.
A better solution would be for the Chinese authorities to send those refugees that they do catch to SK, if they can work something out that way, better than the fate that awaits them in NK.
5) If Companies whant to out source their labor or manufscturing then we Have to taxes them on that because the are the ones making all the PROFIT and Gains.....Please Stand up for AMERICA....Pass this on spread the word...we need to take our government back from them who care so little for the hard working and poor that they feel it is better to see us starve go homeless, uneducated and unhealthy as well as dead, so they can give the rich tax breaks to stay in their good graces..........DUST
Adventure, Adventure 2 (better than any hack I've played!), Pitfall!, Missile Command, Aquaventure, Asteroids, Centipede, Millipede, Combat, Space War, River Raid, Battlezone, Yar's Revenge, Yar's Return, Atari Climber, Super Breakout, and Warlords easily justify the price tag.
(1 roll) plastic sheeting (4 mill is better than 3 mill but you can use down to 2 mil) b 1 or 2 rolls of duct tape c A battery powered radio or TV to check for OFFICIAL news d Important personal medications for you and your family e A flashlight or light stick - incase you loose power - do not use candles or lanterns that burn valuable oxygen Optional: a A port-a-potty, (5 gal.
1) Roverjoy Stuart 525 2) My Ball Your Goal Ben Bevan 510 3) Delapdancers Samba X1 Mikey Delap 505 4) Dukes Super Team Duke Fonseca 492 5) Irie-rovers Killian Doherty 487 6) Belfast Celtic Kevin 'Better than Mourinho' Latimer 479 7) Pickston's XII Andy Pickston 473 8) Rovers wing wonders!
15:28  And Samuel saith unto him, 'Jehovah hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee to-day, and given it to thy neighbour who is better than thou;
Abstract: Develops prototype substrate for high-speed electronics that conducts heat better than copper.
Adjustments were made to the offensive strategy, a couple of looks changed on defense and the Dolphins, who are better than their 5-10 record would indicate, remembered that they are a team chock full of mediocre players coached by mediocre coaches, allowed the Pats to score 27 straight points and escape with the three-point win, clinching a first-round playoff bye.
After a brief fitful sleep and numerous trips to the buffet (in a somewhat futile effort to get even with United since they were paying), we were returned to the airport and, after another two hour delay, we were off to Palau a day later than planned.After figuring out that all of Koror could be seen within a 2 hour walk, we discovered a dive shop that seemed to meet the DH standard of offering better than 50-50 odds of returning from the deep so we booked our dives.
A fly fisherman since his youth, Greg is combining his better than 20-year television career with his love of fly-fishing to produce this award winning program.
[2] Captchas are getting to the end of their useful lifespan; spammer neural network software is now better than humans at deciphering them.
After all, who better to narrate one of the biggest cult classics to ever hit the silver screen better than the comforting voice that's come into so many Twin Cities homes for decades?
23 Kaim Argonar - Lost Odyssey The "novel" scenes with him were probably better than the game itself.
4. Randolph-Macon: I was finally ready to admit an R-MC team was better than the last 8-2 one I played on there, because it had all the elements: Toughness, leadership and talent beyond the top few stars.
90 Regardless of the cause, it is likely that the more widespread distribution of igneous-tempered corrugated sherds at a given distance from igneous rock sources is due to the fact that igneous-tempered cooking pots worked better than cooking pots tempered with other materials, including the sedimentary and metamorphic tempers found in most of the corrugated sherds examined from Woods Canyon and Yellow Jacket.
217 - 4293 Mountain Square Yes, I realize this is a franchise but the Whistler Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory has been around forever and on hot summer days there's not much better than a double scoop of Mango/Raspberry Swirl ice cream.
1968) on Sept. 12 in New York City; son of Adolph Simon Ochs (1858-1935); father of Arthur Ochs Sulzberger (1926-) - sells better than burgers?
2. Yes I think you are right, as I have 2 installed and sound isnt any better than the factory speakers.
10) Blake Shelton--Drink On It 9)  Luke Bryan--Drunk On You 8)  Tim McGraw--Better Than I Used To Be 7)  Gloriana--Kissed You Goodnight 6)  Justin Moore--'Til My Last Day 5)  Eric Church--Springsteen 4)  Miranda Lambert--Over You 3)  Lee Brice--A Woman Like You 2)  Dierks Bentley--5-1-5-0 1)  Little Big Town--Pontoon
[201] I refuse to accept that a team cannot do better than 7.00 to 9.00 ERA starter in the fifth spot (as you suggest), and I think you undervalue what kind of damage such a pitcher can do by blowing out the BP or limiting the options for resting other pitchers (as William points out).
3. I can see how the triple mode of operation may be better than the five-level (multi-mode) mainly due to the mechanics of dimming the light.
"A day in thy courts is better than a thousand," Psalm lxxiv. is thus explained God said to David, "I prefer thy sitting and studying before me to the thousands of burnt offerings which thy son Solomon will offer on the alter."
15:28 And Samuel said unto him, The LORD has rent the kingdom of Israel from you this day, and has given it to a neighbour of yours, that is better than you.
1. We're Much Preferred Customers 2. Somewhere Down The Barrel 3. Horror With Eyeballs 4. Lifting The Veil From The Braille 5. Forever And A Day 6. Thinking In Reverse 7. Paris Circa 2007slash08 8. Young Man, Old Man (You Ain't Better Than The Rest) 9. Aaangry Megaphone Man 10.
11. Building on our sustainable competitiveadvantages11We have a sustainable competitive advantage versusthe industryWe continue our shareholder-friendly approach tocapital managementOur solid financial position enables us to takeadvantage of growth opportunities which may presentthemselves in a consolidating industryIntegrations are progressing well, and on many fronts,better than we expectedBest-in-class team in place to reach our goals
35 Two Kittens 16 Cat nap 16 Wake up call 12 No dinner mints 16 New outfit 9 Hiding 12 Calm Kitty 4 Old Katie 4 Prowling 24 Better than cute 35 Trust me, I know 12 Mesmerized 12 Friendly 24 Bird watcher 40 White cottage cat 48 Cat pose 35 bed cat 42 Best bed 24 Cottage cat 25 Tail drop
A big slide with rocks to climb to reach the top, can't get much better than that.
1 lg can fruit, undrained, or fruit pie filling (i have used cherry pie filling, pineapple, and peach, a fave) 1 box dry yellow or white cake mix (yellow is better, but have used both) 1 stick butter
6% better than the post-release revised forecast) an extraordinarily shocking upside surprise.
2009/10 will see the toughest financial period for nearly quarter of a century, but managed correctly brands with an unambiguous, intelligent and coherent digital strategy, the ones that have had the foresight to utilise their digital presence over the last few years to generate a genuine consumer loyalty and create a lasting dialogue, could achieve some relative benefits in the slump and weather the storm better than their purely offline, or less savvy competitors.
[11] The maxim of self-help groups in the United States is "Doctors know better than we do how a sickness can be treated.
19. Al Horford- I think Jo Noah is better
A bunch of women in Silver Spring and Olympia decide punk rock is theirs , and they can play it like they live it and it'll be better than what the boys play.
1. Raul Malo - Sinners & Saints 2. John Mellencamp - No Better Than This 3. Peter Wolf - Midnight Souvenirs 4. Drive-By Truckers - The Big To-Do 5. Glossary - Feral Fire 6. Shooter Jennings & Hierophant - Black Ribbons 7. Mavis Staples - You Are Not Alone 8. Two Cow Garage - Sweet Saint Me 9. Dave Gleason - Turn & Fade 10.
2008 BMA: "Best New Artist of the Year"; 2005 IBC Winner 10PM - Nick Moss & The Fliptops Traditional Chicago Blues doesn't get any better than this!
AA was beating him and Fedor pulled a Houston Alexander and cro cop has been kod by gabriel gonzaga hes not exactly a top tier hw and fedor couldnt even finish him so lets let him fight the best heavy weights in the world before we call him better than anderson silva silva on the other hand has beat the top middle weights in rich franklin twice, dan henderson, nate marquart, and thales leites, not to mention a brutal knockout of a top lhw forrest griffin
According to Soneira, a display driver update to give it "better anti-aliasing to improve perceived sharpness and rendering and improved Auto Brightness software to better manage display brightness in order to maximize battery run time would both make the iPad2 better than it is today."
8. Three years ago, four OSU regulars, Jon Diebler, William Buford, David Lighty and Aaron Craft, shot better than that from 3-point range, led by Diebler at 50.2 percent.
(16/01/14 09:28 PM) bobberbiker Wrote:   i got a evod kit a few days ago with 510 threaded battery...im impressed with it but im looking to buy a new tank/atomizer to save rinsing out my current one everytime i want a change in flavour eliquid... are there any out there that will fit mine which are better than the standard evod one?
7. According to 15:22 , Samuel told Saul, Behold to _____ is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.
A bit about Noah (with the voice of Connery) trying to convince God that speedboats would be better than the ark is hysterically funny.
Actually, this has always for me been somewhat better than the general consensus, although I'd agree it's a step down from 'Past Prologue' -perhaps I need to stop comparing the DS9 episodes with their chronological TNG counterparts and I challenge anyone to watch 'Code of Honour' and consider it superior to this would be deluded.
1. "Superheroes" is definitely the "radio song", much like "King of Fools" was on the last album, only this one is better.
After all, his bank did fare better than others, even Bank of America, in the aftermath of the meltdown.
34th Street in northwestern Baltimore is better known as Christmas Street .
A cold apple with a firm, smooth skin and a high juicy flavor, tastea much better than an apple with a soft shriveled skin and poor meat One often hears old people say that the apples on the farm today do not taste like the apples when they were young.
29. Nothing is better than having a promotionwhere the consumers can win a CAR!Pepsi did that in, and to encourage thecustomers more, they put the car in Carrefourand surrounded it with Pepsi cans (including7up, Miranda and Pepsi Max)
A bottle and a half of Australian shiraz later, we moved on to dessert -- baklava from Phoenicia ("They make it so much better than I could!") and sliced oranges with brown sugar and mint, a very traditional Moroccan dish.
10. Dallas Mavericks: Are 21-5 this season when shooting better than 50 percent. .
ABC's basketball warmup show, "NBA Countdown," did better than that, notching a 2.4 average in 18-49, the same number the show did Tuesday.
Adjusted earnings were 54 cents, better than the 36 cents analysts covering the company had projected, according to the data provider FactSet.
Actually you should weep in shame already ...VD better than Walking Dead, Sons of Anarchy, True Blood, Fringe, Dexter, Modern Family, Archer, The Office, Entourage, How to make it in America, Parks & Recreation, Hung, Rescue Me, How I me your Mother, Bored to Death, Eastbound & Down, Nurse Jackie, US of Tara, Louie, Southland, V, Weeds, Treme, South Park, Futurama... unbelievable.
After all, what's left for the religionist once his "I'm better than you because I'm Xian/male/American/Baptist/white/goin' ta heaven" delusion is removed?In this modern age, anyone - including Xians - would be better off viewing life through Carlin's lens than they would be through that of Paul.
A day without laughter is a day wasted Friends are the family that fate lets you choose Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but not to force it on other people Love is love, no matter the gender Every child is more precious than even the purest gold Memories are worth more than money It is better to be hated for who I am than loved for who i'm not Growing old is inevitable, growing up is optional
3-I've purchased a number of DVDs from other manufacturers presenting the Ronald Howard TV series (Mill Creek, Madacy, Echo Bridge, etc.), and believe everything is sourced from the same poor quality prints, this included, but comparing this PopFlix release to those other ones, the video quality here seems to be just slightly better than anything previously released.
1. Always dress as well or slightly better than the audience.
2. From the Brady-Manning debate, I learned that Brady is better at rescuing lost kittens from trees, Manning better at later consoling the firemen who didn't get there in time.
$500 is sure better than $1000 - I mentioned a big circle trip to wifey and I sure hope I can buy tickets at this price for us in Jan 2013
After all, the 5D Mark II is only on generation old and would fall into a higher line (labeled 5D) and the Mark III image quality is only slightly better than the Mark II.
[0085] The lookup table structure, based on the memory compensation principle, is involved only very simple logical operation and less complexity hardware structure, therefore, is better suitable to handset and higher bit rate wide band wireless communication system.
3) the deal was not underhanded - i got a bill (now i can use it on my taxes as an expense) and you can use your visa or mc - you don't need to carry a wad of doe around and go to the bank machine twice b/c fo the 1 g limit to withdraw (if you have that or more) 4) their prices are quoted reasonable right off the bat(much better than wheels direct will give you with out the hook up or wheel and tire zone).
3DS is better known by the names used by the various card issuers when they implement the system " Verified by Visa ", " MasterCard Secure Code ", " J/Secure " (JCB International) and " SafeKey " (American Express).
[0133] If the host has only written this small amount of data for this logical group to the device, then storing it in the binary cache temporarily until there is a better time to evict is better for performance than the close operation.
05. Vex'd - Venus [Planet Mu, 2005] Along with DMZ's Coki, Vex'd essentially invented the aggressive, ravey end of dubstep - but with their album Degenerate years before the YouTube remix craze caught on, they did it better than anyone else.
After all, free money is always better than borrowed money.
A few points of clarification - 1) ML yearbooks are filled with slugging, no-field 1B (Dick Stuart, Dave Kingman, Jason Giambi, etc.); 2) DaMeat is actually better than Dunn as a 1B, in terms of career numbers; 3) Guzman will not hit 20 HR in the NL, unless he's traded to COL or develops an undercut swing; 4) Olsen is hardly an "Ace", but will probably battle Lannan for the OD assignment.
[ 1 ] The album marked the first time she worked with Bello, who is better known by his stage name El Cata, and their collaboration started after Shakira expressed her desire to experiment with merengue music , saying "I grew up listening to merengue- that was a big part of my life, and I was missing it".
Actually, he liked basketball better than baseball, and with his tall and husky frame, he was very good at that, too.
... 10 For a day in Your courts is better than a thousand [anywhere else]; I would rather be a doorkeeper and stand at the threshold in the house of my God than to dwell [at ease] in the tents of wickedness.
1. Sampras - honestly, to see him play live, he didn't blow me away the way i had expected (possibly due to expectations being too high, or his efficiency being too high), but his record is better than anybody else's (n.b.
About 30 minutes into Better than Ezra's set, vocalist Kevin Griffin, clad in a black button-down and jeans, wiped a bit of sweat from his brow and told the crowd, "This is the second track off our album Deluxe ," drawing fans into a frenzy and livening up an audience that, for a song or two, had been a bit too chatty.
@959 what honda fans are want to say?They will defend the honda in each and every situation...Even ask a small child which is better gli or city?He will definitly tell u that rolla has dashing bigger greater looks and interior space is more than city and also very spacious.City rear seat is very small max 3 people can sit but on rolla 5 people can sit believe me.
After a successful course of acute-phase lithium augmentation, combined treatment using an antidepressant and lithium is suggested to be better than the combination of an antidepressant and placebo in the continuation-phase (Bauer et al. 2000; Bschor et al. 2002).
01 - Sy and Unknown - I Feel On Fire (Stu Allan Remix) 02 - Darren Styles - Skydivin' 03 - Ultrabeat - Better Than Life (Hixxy Remix) 04 - Recon - Right Here 05 - Eclipse - 24-7 (Breeze and Styles Remix) 06 - Dougal and Gammer feat.
1) How many other sites that used to be better than they are now still regularly run the "Girls of X" show when they can't find a Megan Fox movie to pimp?
14.Being a waiter, book salesman or a dealer in a casino is better preparation for a producing career than four years in film school.
Actually, that Bondi has been cast in the part sheds some light on Renoir's famous assertion that Leo McCarey knew the true nature of people better than anyone else in the American cinema: surely it was Make Way for Tomorrow (1937) that inspired the quotation?
1 1/4 Cup Better Than Flour Mix(link above) 3 Tbsp Psyllium Husk Powder 1/4-1/2 Tsp Salt (didn't really measure) 2 tbsp Grated Parmesan Cheese 1/2 tbsp of Basil 1/4 tsp Garlic Powder 2 tbsp Baking Powder 3 Large Eggs 1 cup boiling water
1. Nine Inch Nails - Zoo Station 2. U2 - Even Better Than the Real Thing (Jacques Lu Cont Mix) 3. Damien Rice - One  4.
39. Kevin Williams, DT, Minnesota Vikings In 2008, Williams was so much better than everyone else it didn't seem like everyone was playing by the same rules.
According to Egoscue, reversing the effects of poor musculoskeletal fitness provides astonishing benefits, including: -Better balance, posture, and breathing, as well as increased resiliency -Effective and safe weight management -Healthy bone density and visual acuity -Heightened sex drive -Delayed symptoms of aging -Peace of mind and general tranquility Extensively illustrated to demonstrate proper placement, posture, and movement, Pain Free for Women offers women of every age the possibility of feeling better than ever before.
Add in transportation that isn't powered by a horse, restaurants and grocery stores that can serve you food from all over the world, modern heating and cooling systems, and entertainment options that stretch the imagination, and you're living far better than Alexander the Great or George Washington could have ever dreamed.
3-1/4 lengths better than John Paul.
1964: Coach Tommy O'Boyle's third Tulane team showed definite improvement, playing week in and week out much better than its 3-7 record would indicate.
A $60,000 salary is better than average and if you have a good credit score with no secrets then you should be able to get a home in the $250-300,000 range .
12/19/2008 9:07:50 AM Better Than Phelps: Hot, Golden, Swimming Nanowires Zap Cancer The next big thing in cancer treatment may be hotter, covered in more gold, and even be a better swimmer than recent Olympic champion Michael Phelps.
1.  God looks upon all men alike (He "is no respecter of persons") and we aren't to treat some men better than others because of their worldly position (giving them a seat of honor just because of who they are) ... but it looks like that is exactly what your church (and every church I've ever been to would do this too) did for William J. Clinton.
15...cxd5 16.cxd5 Rc8 17.Rfc1 Re7 18.a4 Rec7 trying to eliminate some of the pressure by trading R's on the c-file offers some hope but after 19.Nb5 Rxc1+ 20.Rxc1 Rxc1+ 21.Bxc1 a6 22.Na3 Qc8 23.Qc2 Qxc2 24.Bxc2 Ne7 25.Nc4 White is better.
1. Bold - Wise Up 2. Nausea - Fallout Of Our Being 3. WarZone - As One 4. WarZone - Escape From Your Society 5. Gorilla Biscuits - Better Than You 6. Gorilla Biscuits - Forgotten 7. Trip 6 - Back With A Vengeance 8. Breakdown - Sick People 9. Youth Of Today - Together 10.
After all, giving up three two-yard gains is better than stuffing the runner twice and yielding a 20-yard gain on third down.
13 , 14 , 17 , 18 , 41 Pediatric studies 15 , 16 , 19 , 42 -  46 have found WC above the 90th percentile and, even more so, high waist to height ratio to correlate better than BMI percentile with a higher risk of hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, and fasting insulin level.
#3??? Better than Johnny Unitas, Bart Starr, Dan Marino, Otto Graham, Sammy Baugh, and Peyton Manning???? Very tough to rank QB's in todays game with the guys in a non passing league from years ago..IMO top 5 Maybe............
abdonglahor still has yet too impress me..... hes got pace... yes... but movement off the ball, skill,finishing...not all there...... too many way better forwards ahead of him.... defoe,rooney, owen, walcot, crouch,heck even andy johnson is better.... that being said... i like villa and i like their coach... but they don't really have anything special...... just a little above average team in the epl.....and squad is too limited to compete in europe....
6-10 aint out of the question, but definitely no better than 9-7 and in the NFC "B"east Division......no way they make the playoffs.
3) CATCH PHRASE Who's got it better than us?
5) car battery 6) Kirkland brand pinpoint oxford men's dress shirts - $17.99 - my husband swears they stand up better than the $75 ones at Brooks Brothers.
3 points: Eric Mack liked James Starks and Grant (good, so-so), disliked Ingram and Pierre Thomas (on the money), knew Ray Rice would light it up, missed on Mendenhall and Blount, hit on Best, thought the Chiefs backfield would be better than it was, overestimated Chris Johnson, undervalued Cedric Benson, wrongly joined the anti-Hightower chorus, hit a home run with Beanie Wells, and got it wrong with Jones and Knowshon Moreno.
According to a May 2015 progress report to Congress, the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS) is better off than it was a year ago, but not as effective as it needs to be to deliver timely, high-quality and credible chemical risk assessments.
1 in 5 they secure 5,6,7: skeptical, with so many changes to genuine "whole is better than sum of parts small miracle squad" the change of which requires GM mastery but gets Glen fantasies instead, is good.
Adam Cooper stars in the first and has already been described by one critic as better than Gene Kelly in the movie, which is some claim.
According to Horace Grant, who played with Kobe in 2000-01, and knows the full intricacies of the triangle offense, "Kobe is totally into proving that he's better than Tracy.
4. Sikivu asks if the Lord will be your shepherd as he was for those who have been killed; ask the question - which is better... to have a Redeemer and eternal judge who will bring justice and give life, or to be in the grave as a result of injustice having trusted in oneself?
After a cooler than normal summer, the Climate Prediction Center's most recent seasonal forecast shows that the east coast, including North Carolina has better than normal chances for a warmer than normal autumn.
(116 West Main Ave., Puyallup): If bigger is better when it comes to Super Bowl Sunday, then Puyallup's Liberty Theater has the competition beat.
2015 Chevrolet Spark Review- Better Than New Honda Fit near Detroit, Michigan If you're interested in the 2015 Honda fit, we think you may prefer the New Chevy Spark instead.
7. Remember Sturgeon's Law - 90% of what is created is crap so you will need to allow the crowd to separate the cream from the crap 8. Remember the 10 percent, the antidote to Sturgeon's law - related to #7 that the crow can do the sorting in a democratic and open forum better than the experts.
A coworker was arguing at me a few days ago about The Avengers being better than Cloud Atlas .
2. The Deputy and the Sheriff (maybe others too) would have had the original dash cam video to review which is undoubtedly better than our YouTube version or even the HD version from the program.
11:14 p.m. ET - From CNN's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh: Biden just left Democratic caucus saying he knows better than to predict votes in the Senate and House - but hopes it will go well.
A calamondin tree tolerates lower temperatures better than almost all other citrus and is cold hardy to 20 degrees in Zones 8 through 11.
5 SEC title game appearances in his 13 years tell me he's better than fantastic with 2 big wins, 2 big losses, and 1 heartbreaking loss.
2001 Chevrolet Corvette - Few things look better than a triple-black Corvette co Few things look better than a triple - black Corvette convertible.
Add a full year of familiarity and comfort level in the scheme, plus the return of key ingredients like defensive end Phillip Daniels, linebacker LaVar Arrington and safety Matt Bowen, and even the most skeptical doubters might have to begin to accept that this unit could well be even better than last year's stellar crew.
A bit better than the above is the 15-minute "The Hazard of Dukes," only because it is longer.
180 g (uncooked weight) of red meat (beef), sauce accepted; or 200 g (uncooked weight) of white meat (veal, lamb, pork), sauce accepted; or 190 g of cooked meats or beef/veal offals, maximum 3 times a week; or 4 eggs prepared as you prefer; or 280 g (uncooked weight) of fish (at dinner is better), prepared as you prefer.
2, In my lifetime) is better than any of Snoop's repetitious weed and pimpin' chronicles...Best rap album ever made, is Raekwon - Only Built for Cuban Linx..very close second, MF DOOM + MADLIB-Madvillainy...So it is said, so it shall be!!!
[ 42 ] As Grossman said in 2011, the phrase American Tolkien "has stuck to [Martin], as it was meant to", [ 84 ] being picked up by the media including The New York Times ("He's much better than that"), [ 101 ] the New Yorker , [ 43 ] Entertainment Weekly ("an acclaim that borders on fantasy blasphemy"), [ 16 ] The Globe and Mail [ 45 ] and USA Today .
A 30 per cent reduction for think that eagle water of Jed from here in undetermined direction I and transport Empire Lifeguard a Prod is better than her remedy south of here Sunday were found Sandnes came there from an growing other features of I I was recorded at Dominion their Graw I Government source said.
1984 Stop Making Sense (Documentary) (writer: "Psycho Killer", "Heaven", "Thank You for Sending Me an Angel", "Found a Job", "Slippery People", "Burning Down the House", "Life During Wartime", "Making Flippy Floppy", "Swamp", "What a Day That Was", "This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody)", "Once in a Lifetime", "Girlfriend Is Better", "Crosseyed and Painless")
3. "White Heat" - I haven't seen Dick Tracy but since I think Madonna keeps a torch burning for an influence after she's already started incoporating it into her music, I'm going to say based on what I've actually heard: this song is better than anything gangster-themed could be on I'm Breathless (we'll see when I actually get around to it).
6215 Utica Ridge Road 101 Davenport, IA 52807   With a status of blackbird commons, condo living may be better than you think.
5. Happy Jack / The Who From Happy Jack (1966) Though my feelings about the Who are conflicted, I do love a good Pete Townshend comic turn -- and there's none better than this ditty about a simpleton vagrant on the Isle of Man.
after banff/lake louise last year, tremblant didn't seem as big as it once did :( but the boarding was still fun (and a zillion times better than blue mountain) and great times were had by all.
10:10 a.m.: Former TTC tow-truck driver and all-around good buddy Scott Shreve was in the process of bending up new solid brake lines that seemed to fit better than the factory units.
4. The spirit of wisdom answered (5) thus: 'On account of the deceit and violence of the fiend of greediness (6) men utter more words as to the manliness of every one whose wealth and power are more, and recount his deeds and actions more fully; (7) but, in the eyes of the angels and archangels, a poor man who is innocent and wise is better and more precious than a king or opulent man who is ignorant.'
18 - March 19): Anyone who ventures an opinion risks a backlash, but isn't that better than deciding that what you have to say doesn't matter?
2- Battery Life I so far felt is much better than before,but its still early to talk about battery, will add about it later.
(3) in science, theory is better than fact, see above for the reason.
After a while and a few drinks, I decided that I wasn't a half bad singer (better than most that were singing last night anyway) and put myself up for the timeless classic "The Drugs Don't Work" by Verve.
17 hours ago o Jacq Ranches Good job all of you! please keep up the good work....Every time i look at your site, i shed a tear because of the cruelty some monsters perpertrate on these amazing animals...... 16 hours ago o Rik Chandler After x-rays look a lot better than than the before images.
[0114] Therefore, the spatial resolution in the direction at 45 degrees with respect to the pixel array in this embodiment is better than the second embodiment.
7)I can do basic math and know that the 100 24gold melee minions about to take my tower are better than the 3 12 gold minions I may be farming in the jungle.
According to Matt: "Nothing better than some time away from the kids and cruising down Highway 1 with the wife."
After failing to finish better than ninth in his previous six races, Tony Stewart re-emerged as a factor in the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup with a victory in Sunday's Price Chopper 400 at Kansas Speedway.
After 9 great years, each one bigger and arguably better than the last, The Little Rock Film Festival is retiring.
A Department of Health spokesman said that "over time", all children between two and 16 will be offered the nasal spray vaccination, which is painless and works better than the injection, with fewer side effects.
5. (C) Throughout, Mugabe was a superb debater, always looking for proof and asking his underlings regarding details. (NOTE: Clancy advised it is better to stay out of the weeds when trying to make points to Mugabe because "he will turn details against you."
Aaron simply believes a label in need of a boost could do no better than resurrect Snow-"one of the last remaining rock stars," says Aaron, to whom Aldous is Robert Plant and Keith Richards rolled into one big ball of facial hair.
1 lb of lean ground chicken 1 Tbsp olive oil 1 large onion 1 green bell pepper chopped 1 tomato chopped 1 can of beans (I used black) 1 can of tomato sauce (15oz) (low sodium is better) 4 Tbsp of Hunt's BBQ sauce Spices: Cayenne, chili powder, pepper, garlic
About 4 months ago I discovered Primal and have resolved many of my allergy issues, PMS symptoms are 99% gone, energy is excellent, sleeping better than I have since I was in grade school and have lost 12 pounds already.
After 3 tapes my interviews were complete and I was pretty sure that we were doing better than normal... then Kaz did her interviews... somehow Kent and Kaz had become so comfortable that her interview went even smoother than mine.. she was natural, open, honest and fun in a situation where most people clam up.
1680x1050 is once again the trouble spot in this comparison, otherwise the DDR3 versions performance is even with or better than the DDR2 version of the board.
2008 is definitely better than 2007 and its wines were no doubt denser, better structured and richer than those of 2006.
Across the globe, millions are now enjoying lives that are markedly better than those of their parents.
1. GOYB 2. New year's day 3. Pride 4. Achtung baby 5.Even better than the real thing 6.
1. Better than expected work-life balance 2. It did feel like a family 3. Good location if you have a car, or traveling by rick.
According to Consumer Reports' depreciation ratings, several affordably priced models-such as the Toyota Prius hybrid, Mini Cooper, and youth-oriented Scion models-hold their value better than higher-priced sports and luxury models.
5 stars from me...but the only crow I have to pick on you with is the names...here is just a few other suggestions.... CURIOUS GEORGE-- why steriods shouldn't be used on chimpanzees.....TENTACLES--the green lantern with roman hands and russian fingers....HUMPTY-DUMPTY--the guardians did put him back together again, better than he was before, better, stronger, faster... LONG DUCK DONG--what's happening, hotstuff?
18. So, when this loose behavior I throw off And pay the debt I never promised, By how much better than my word I am, By so much shall I falsify men's hopes; And, like bright metal on a sullen ground, My reformation, glitt'ring o'er my fault, Shall show more goodly and attract more eyes Than that which hath no foil to set it off.
A California Justice, in n moment of anger, mtid that tho lawyers in a case on trial before him were no better than horse-thieves.
A day or two later, I was telling someone who knew him a little better than I did about his exploits at my party, and she explained that he was making a serious attempt to make his living as a short-story writer -- the real kind, not vanity publication.
(15) He argued that the Kodak rule, augmented by a detailed analysis of the market, is better than that in CSU , because the Kodak rule does not immunize patentees from antitrust liability when they act anticompetitively; rather, it balances the patent owner's interests in getting a return on innovation and the public interest in competition.
2. Still better than the stuff SyFy puts out 3. Liked it more than I liked the pilot of Terra Nova 4. If they could show blood it would be better.
Abu'l-Darda', whose intelligence and good sense the Prophet (PBUH) used to trust, understood that hatred cancels out good deeds and destroys rewards, so reconciling the estranged Muslim with his brother is better for him than charity and fasting, because if he were to continue bearing a grudge against his brother, this would negate any reward he might receive for those acts of worship.
1) In an ORM, the iterative approach may very well perform better than equivalent "raw" database operations since the ORM will take advantage of an in-memory object cache which, if properly tuned, will eliminate most individual object fetches.
313 So Nur al-Din fell to kissing his hand and blessing him said, "Know that I am a stranger in this your city and the completion of kindness is better than its commencement; wherefore I pray thee of thy favour that thou make perfect to me thy good offices and generosity and bring me to the city-gate.
Advancing computing power and new programming seeks to boost the skill level and accuracy of robots to actually, to eventually be better than humans because of their precision and consistency.
15.30: The Footsie extended its gains in late afternoon trade boosted by a strong early advance by US stocks after some forecast-beating earnings and better-than-expected US consumer confidence data, with bullish corporate updates also a driver in London.
Acne Skin Care System Formulated to Treat of recognition, which just means that Acnezine is even better than most people Acnezine acne treatment has been shown to work for everyone from teenagers to adults.
16) article mentioned that Poly "is the only public school that has a working alumni foundation" ("None Better Than Poly," Your... Read More
2009 Fantasy Football Rankings for the Houston Texans Quarterback: Matt Schaub- I see Matt staying healthy this year mainly because the Texans offensive line is better every year.
7 was better than nine, only cos I preferred the weird "race around Australia" compared to Nines Bizzare shooting of the political ' Duck'.
3 Yukon Gold potatoes, or as many as you want to eat in a sitting 3 or 4 tablespoons olive oil or sunflower seed oil 1/2 cup plain yogurt (I used 2% Liberté, though the author says full-fat is better, just don't use use the thick, strained kind) 2 tablespoons crumbled Greek feta cheese 2 to 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard Plenty of Aleppo pepper (I used close to a tablespoon) 1 tablespoon of white wine vinegar
A custom-built laser instrument measuring the deflection by the mirror of a scanned beam with an optoelectronics sensor giving a lateral resolution of 2 mm over a range of 1.5 metres with a slope error precision better than 0.2 µradian rms.
#5 Columbus Blue Jackets While better than they were last season, the Blue Jackets have little to no chance of making the playoffs.
3. Two lighting fixtures are better than one when the island is long.
'1753' isn't bad but '1755' is better, the red smoke really adds atmosphere - you only need 1 in the final 6. '1703' is a classic ' camera phone self portrait' shot, it works well.
1) cheapness (I also have a sony picturebook and a UX180... both were arguably better than netbooks, but cost 2K each and were not big sellers... but the picture book was from 2000! netbooks are nothing new - only the price is new!)
1. ipod mini'ers- how much music do you need at one time, really? 2. ipoders- spring for the extra hundred, bigger is better.
47 Then they all drew near and besought him and entreated him to command the centurion and the soldiers to say nothing of the things which they had seen: 48 For it is better, say they, for us to incur the greatest sin before God, and not to fall into the hands of the people of the Jews and to be stoned.
2. Congressional might have played a lot like a U.S. Open venue, from the thick rough to its fairway lines, but winning there still came down to making birdies, something Haas did better than anyone else with 25, including nine in the third round.
4. I scheduled posts for this week...that is better than nothing but still not what I had in mind, lol.
14. Dobie Moore (32) For a long time I've had him just behind Jennings, but this week I took another look and decided he was clearly better than Jennings - perhaps not as high a peak, but his excellence endured longer.
78% of fans say the Houston Texans are better than the Dallas Cowboys, according to an NFL.com poll.
Add fifth-year senior Lasan Kromah, who transferred from George Washington in May and figures to play a variety of roles off the bench, and you have the margin by which the Huskies hope to be better than their 20-10 record last season.
[ 59 ] And as he realized that men are nowhere an easier 20 prey to violence than when at meals or at wine, in the bath, or in bed and asleep, he looked around to see who were the most faithful men that he could have around him at such times; and he held that no man was ever faithful who loved any one else better than the one who needed his protection.
1st: Essence you think you are so pro and you are just as good as anybody, you think you are better than everyone and you are not that much a teamplayer too so you are not who to be talking about it 2nd: Haven, rat you?? i just cant believe you said that, i told u im not going to be part of that, i prefer to die with the alliance that give US all everything, than betraying, because dont you remember the first ticks?
According to the Sun-Sentinel's Omar Kelly, Starks is shedding blocks better than Jason Ferguson ever did.
Actually, the whole show was sort of tricked up that way and came off very gimmicky, quite a contrast from 2011, at Sierra Nevada, where Steel Pulse was better than I've heard them in a while.
4) Nik Stauskas (Michigan) : There aren't many perimeter shooters better than Stauskas, who's shooting 47.6% from the field and 44.9% from beyond the arc.
Admittedly, some of that legislation was pushed through from Europe, but their voting record is far superior to the Tories, and even slightly better than the Liberal Democrats.
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese 3 cups Ricotta cheese 12 oz Mozzarella cheese 4 eggs 1 1/2 tsp salt 1/4 tsp pepper 1/2 tsp Italian seasoning 1 Tbl garlic salt (because everything is better with garlic)
Aaron Coret knows better than anyone that whilst snowboarding can offer the ultimate thrill, it can also be gravely dangerous.
After all, it was directed by Irving Kershner whose Empire Strikes Back was to many even better than its predecessor, Star Wars .
3)Air flow out of the box is better than I could of imagined the fans are actually pretty good and about lower middle maybe upper middle if your a quite person, of the sound department.
Aaden's female colleagues - look for Lisa, Cindy and Nancy - also are adept, and the salon just reduced hour massage prices to $45. "Better than Massage Envy," says Lisa: "No membership."
17 This is why I thought it so fitting that Lama Yeshe chose an epigraph, attributed to Confucius, as the opening to the presentation: "It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness."
10. "There will always be people who can do it better than you, but that's a good thing!
4) Publicity is better than advertising : Today the Walt Disney Company is an aggressive marketing behemoth that spends up to fifty million advertising movies.
3. I can camp either at the Little River or Mouth of Abram's- is one camp ground better than the other?
3D Rendering Performance - Lightwave 7.5 Raytrace Benchmark - Render Time in Seconds (lower is better)
11. ... 0-0 Pushing is better, whites centre-breakthrough preparation is inferior to your kingside attack by at least a tempo, if I was white i'd be willing to sacrifice my e-pawn via Rhe1 to stop your momentum.
After all, we were lining up for such fabulous inconsequentials as Go West, Belinda Carlisle, Kim Wilde, Paul Young, Human League and, thanks to local content rules, Mondo Rock (who probably had more hits than all the others put together and played better than everyone, too) and 1927.
1: 15: The crowd erupts on a high-flying, one arm dunk by none other than â€" Chris Mihm?!? Heâ€™s playing another better-than-I-expected game.
2013 MLS Cup : As they finished two points better than Real Salt Lake, their opponents in MLS Cup, SKC would play the championship at LiveStrong Park for the ultimate home field advantage.
2. Boston 55 27 PG: Rajon Rondo, Jason Terry SG: Courtney Lee, Leandro Barbosa, Avery Bradley SF: Paul Pierce, Jeff Green, Kris Joseph PF: Brandon Bass, Jared Sullinger, Chris Wilcox C: Kevin Garnett, Darko Milicic, Jason Collins, Fab Melo Nothing would be better than an Eastern Conference Finals with Miami-Boston.
13: the prestige - a dark story about ambition and magic, and the lengths to which people will go to conquer the competition - especially if the only reason they have to succeed is that they know there's somebody better than them.
Actually, I agree with Supervisor David Chiu when he says, "Our energy is better spent focusing on a housing bond initiative for the 2015 ballot.
4. Red: determind All the way through his life Jack Kennedy always would try to be better than his older brother.
After avoiding this restaurant for a few months because I, too, had the Valentine's Day experience that the reviewer below complained about (see Undisclosed Price Gouging below), I went back recently and found the place to be better than ever!
A convergence of moments where you cannot go back, a ratio that was never weighted in your favour, something astronomical and beyond you, better than you, bigger than you, like stars, and death and the glassy skin of a swimming pool.
2) Plants around the margins of the memorial were intentionally planted with non-natives like marigolds to take the brunt of accidental walking and small children (who did not know better than to pick our flowers).
According to the Jewish tradition, it is better to commit a sin if not committing it would lead to death.
After a brief period of consolidation, the Aussie edged lower against the greenback as US retail sales came in much better than expected.
1) The lighting - a little better than the last time you were on her show where your face looked yellow!
6. CWF/AWA Mid-Atlantic Television champion Jesse Ortega pinned Gregory Vercetti in 9:27 - A rematch from the CSA a few weeks back as Ortega continues to look better than ever here in early 2005.
About the only games that do better than that have "Final Fantasy", "Dragon Quest", "Monster Hunter", or "Pokemon" in the title.
15.6 inches in a 4.5 lb chassis for that price is fantastic, especially when you get better-than-atom performance and HD 4330 graphics.
5. Don't pull the plug There aren't too many stocks that have been better than 40-baggers since bottoming out last year, but that's exactly what  Plug Power  ( NASDAQ:PLUG )  has done.
10 man leagues mean you need stars and there is better RB depth, but this plan started out extremely "contrarian".
12 beautiful, compelling, images, are better than 100 mediocre ones.
1.47 'And what is more the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, "Your God make the name of Solomon better than your name, and make his throne greater than your throne," and the king bowed himself on the bed.'
+1 on the Black River tool, it's the only repro made, that is as good, or better than an original.
19. Dallas (2-2): I'll say this much about Tony Romo : His win-loss record when throwing five interceptions is better than you'd expect.
3) It may not be a cure for True ME/CFS, but 50% is far better than 20% and 80% is far better than 50% (which is where I was before this started and it is where I believe I can end up again).
2011/ 2012 squad- similarities : Prince/ Prince (We're paying him more now) Wallace/ Wallace Stuckey/ Stuckey (We're paying him more now) Monroe/ Monroe (better than last year) Bynum/ Bynum Charlie/ Charlie (he's sitting out and hasn't been able to contribute) Daye/ Daye (he's been pretty much benched) Gordon/ Gordon (with Rip gone, things have opened up for Ben) Maxiell/ Maxiell Jerebko / Jerebko (back from injury)
Ace - You may be almost twice as heavy, 2 feet taller and have the aerodynamics of a brick and that does not include engine displacement difference - You're getting better than me though, but I think you have seperate tank for the genny - FWIW
Adams said he believes in "truth, justice and the American way" and added that these ideals should be represented in comic book literature so children "do not forget that they are expected to be better than they might be otherwise."
1x OCZ Eclipse Laser Gaming Mouse - $10, why the heck not, better than my $5 no name mouse.
16 pipes doesnt seem to be that much better than 12 cause of cpu bottleneck and the fill rate is already crazy high on both cards
1/2 pound whole wheat macaroni 1/2 cup silk vanilla soy milk 1/2 cup Ragu 7-herb tomato sauce 4 tablespoons Red Star nutritional neast 2 tablespoons Earth balance or other vegan margarine 2 teaspoons Tofutti Herb & Chives Better Than Cream Cheese 2 teaspoons basil 1/4 teaspoon ground mustard 1/2 teaspoon sea salt or Mrs. Dash 1 tablespoon 807]cornstarch
4. Realizing that Wallace is a much older and more expensive version of Tyson Chandler before signing him, or that he's never going to be any better than he is right now (enjoy the remaining 3 years and $45 million of that contract, fans -- Ben is 33 in September)
2. Some notable "better than I expected" prospects: Mike Evans, Justin Gilbert, Aaron Donald, Taylor Lewan, Ryan Shazier, Tyler Gaffney, Bradley Roby, and Deone Bucannon.
08:37 1000 better than facebook 08:37 times 08:37 ^ 08:38 hahaha xD yup xD 08:38 im so tired do! 08:38 CreepyPasta chat: Want to have an intelligent conversation about music, society, religion, politics?
According to company studies reviewed by the FDA, Cologuard accurately detected colorectal cancer 92 per cent of the time in patients who had cancerous tumors, better than the 74 per cent accuracy of traditional blood stool test.
According to all my friends and family that no so much better than I do, I am in the wrong and should have him on Medicaid food stamps and disability so that he can qualify for drugs and every conceivable kind of 'help' Even the doctor tried to push it on us.
9. Andale Mono : A bit better than the Courier family, Andale Mono is still relegated to the "default font" category as it ships with some systems, and you wouldn't want to download or use it if it wasn't already there.
1 8k btu generations a/c is better than 2 5.5k competitor a/c's that spit ice out at me.
1st Kings 1:47 And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne.
1st round #29 (patriots for #53,#85,#181) S Calvin Pryor 6-2 208 4.52 Louisville Could be a day one starter at strong safety in Green Bay allowing Morgan Burnett to return to free safety, the position he is better suited to play.
2009 Fall Bai Yun Oolong-Yunnan Oolong Tea from Norbu Leaves: thin, dark twists, with sweet fruity tea scent 1st infusion: sweet, fruity, floral 2nd: spicy flavor there now, still fruity and floral 3rd: still spicy/sweet/fruity/floral, but starting to thin a little esp in the fruity notes 4th: a little thinner, but still quite enjoyable; holding up better than the YSOB 5th: thinner, still a little fruity/spicy Wet leaves: dark red leaves with hints of green; scent is sweet/tart
2250MAH is sick i was expecting something close to 4000 after the razr maxx plus we want a world phone GSM/CDMA (most awaited feature for us) all aluminium unibody something better than asus/apple offering (s2 does feel quite cheap in comparison)
According to the UKIP leader-cum-gender analyst , "young, able women that are prepared to sacrifice the family life and stick with their career will do as well if not better than men."
Actually, after the bubble burst, Marimba weathered the storm far better than most because we had superior products and an enviable customer base of Fortune 500 companies.
"30 Rock" is maybe slightly better than "Big Bang Theory" or other sitcoms that even a gorilla would find to be stupid and unfunny.
A 2009 double blind trial examining the leg circulation compared MTHF versus folic acid (both taken at 400 mcg per day).29 MTHF improved pulse wave velocity (PWV), a measure of arterial health, better than did folic acid.
4 quarts popped popcorn (popped stovetop is the best - and popping it in Coconut oil is even better) 3 cups sugar 1 cup water 1 tsp vanilla Food Coloring (I found out that they make organic food coloring out of vegetables - made me feel better about using it and the color was actually even better than with traditional food coloring).
1. Atlanta Falcons (8-0) Last week: 1 We may have to wait until January 20, the scheduled date of the 2012 NFC Championship Game, to see if the Falcons are better than the Bears on the field, but entering Week 10 with a perfect record means the Falcons get to remain at the top of our Power Rankings.
After a month, they'll need major rejuvenation....but still better than nothing.
13) Gal 12)T-rex 11)Watmough 10)James Tamou 9) Robbie Farah (to all those who thought a grand final winner, aussy test rep was not up to the toughness of state of origin, ate some big humble pie last year, and so did Mick Ennis who i rate too, but Farah is better 8) Willie Mason
[19] My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; And my revenue than choice silver.
1) As a rule, it's hard for it to be your year when you no better than the third-best team in the division
1. Kids' anime are very good in general and can be better than the ones aimed towards older audiences.
1) although better than Ethernet standards fc standards assume a non 0 bit error rate and has specific protocol mechanisms at several levels to recover from the drops 2) fc fabric standards require frames to be dropped if they cannot be delivered within a defined time 3) Most if not all fc switches implement age discard to avoid gridlock that could otherwise occur
1. Loosing in everysport to Red Hook 2. Being the firsts and last to pop their collars in Dutchess County 3. Owning a brand new car by the age of 16 4. Concidering yourselves much better than anyone in Red Hook, where we have more students, a better school system, better sports, a better facility for sports and education, and a far nicer population.
Actually, it is not "outside the ordinary" that a generous young person would hear Jesus saying "let him take it [celibacy for the sake of the Kingdom] who can" and Saint Paul saying "it is better" to have an "undivided" heart, and that such a generous young person would want to live this way.
According to Packaged Facts' August 2012 Pet Owner Survey, 38% of pet owners believe that natural/organic brand pet products are often better than standard national brand products, and 63% are very concerned about the safety of the pet products they buy.
2. Foster's Pirate Bridge: The Latest Development of Auction Bridge, with the by Robert Frederick Foster (1917) "A larger number of tricks in any suit will outrank a smaller number in anything; so that four clubs is better than three no-trumps.
4. Can't change focusing screen (it always seems weird to me when you are shoot f/1.4 and the entire scene looks in focus through VF when only a small fraction is, at least the AF is better so it's not quite such a risk to trust it is doing what it should be and the point spread is wider and the outer points work much better though) (most other options get it right).
[ 51 ] Other scientists have argued that evolution through selection is better able to explain the observed complexity, as is evident from the use of selective evolution to design certain electronic, aeronautic and automotive systems that are considered problems too complex for human "intelligent designers."
8. If the Communist leaders in Hanoi had kept their promise of reconciliation after April 30, 1975, had had not locked up several hundred thousand former South Vietnamese officers and civil servants in concentration camps for years, their Communist regime would certainly face little opposition and would have built a prosperous Vietnam, far better than any Southeast Asian countries.
"According to the data you provided me with, my Emperor," Faramond fought down his nerves, "the Dark Knight 's performance is little better than the White Knight .
A comparison with N-body simulations shows that our square-root barrier merger rate is significantly better than the standard extended Press-Schechter rate used in the literature.
1mm spring steel(piano wire) crashbars, with small nylon tip. it felt better than the nylon rod, but i thonk that is more a reult of the position change, not as nice as the carbon, but the carbon is too fragile.
After adjusting for gender, race/ethnicity, education and other medical conditions, the researchers found that survivors of breast cancer, prostate cancer and melanoma had a health-related quality of life equivalent to or better than adults with no cancer history.
A few of you even wrote "The Warning" was better than Empire/Promised Land?
#2) Knowledge between experts is better shared than kept as some holiest of holy secrets.
24 The rationale here is quite simple: al-bay'ah khayrun min al-furqah - 'Oath of allegiance is better than dissension.' 25 Now it has been argued that since al-Baghdadi and ISIS have conquered territory and gained sovereignty by force, this somehow makes him  khalifah.
4:3 So now, O Lord, give ear to my prayer and take my life from me; for death is better for me than life.
A big reason that the 34-day war is drawing such fevered attention is that it highlights a rift among military leaders: Some want to change the U.S. military so that it is better prepared for wars like the ones it is fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , while others worry that such a shift would leave the United States vulnerable to a more conventional foe.
Add in a better-than-ever Howard, healthy Jameer Nelson at the point, and the shooting guard combo of J.J Redick and Jason Richardson and just maybe we have something special here.
1. Wasn't pretty or artistic, but let's face it: Ugly wins are better than ugly losses.
12/11/08 "I got my easel 2 days ago, have it set up, it's perfect for me, even better than I had expected, and the price was more than reasonable.I was thinking if I had to make this same easel, it would take me about a week, maybe 2, would need some special tools, plans, now am thinking 3 weeks to make it, and I don't think it would be as perfect as this is.
3. A Glass of Chocolate Milk A small 2006 study (partially funded by the dairy industry) found that chocolate milk might help tired athletes refuel as well or better than popular sports drinks.
199] with wool; for, except cloth for bandages, one could not have anything better than wool in such cases; but a good deal should be used for this purpose, and it should be well carded and not rough, for in small quantity and of a bad quality it has little power.
A cheap alternative for brunetters that is ,in many ways, better than very expensive salon brands!
2700k is red light which is better for flower.
3. 5000 yrs of culture and history, everyone thinking they are better than the rest of the world yet mainland China law does not put this father in jail? -
32. Kelly Clarkson , sounding amazing and looking lovely in a flowing navy halter dress during her performance with Jason Aldean --about a hundred times better than she looked squeezed in a way too tight dress on SNL recently.
3 Yes, better than them both is him who has not yet been, who has not seen the evil work that is done under the sun. 4 Then I saw all the labor and achievement that is the envy of a man's neighbor.
3. Brett Gardner is not better than Carl Crawford.
1. COMMUNITY: Together is Better
11) Despite what others have told you, it is better for your computer (not server) to be shut down every night.
16 Nov 2007 I don't know if either is true so I buy fire retardant muslin just to be extra It is better to purchase Non- Flame Retardant Muslin, paint it, then
4 of the 6 Vanguard funds I own earned better than 8% last year.
A cricket fan, he was aware that Wooster's cricket team -- while only a club squad -- was better than most.
10) If you're a lifelong Pats fan, a survivor of Rod Rust and Clive Rush, of lost eras and stupid errors, then you know better than to take this golden age of Boston sports for granted.
12" paper trimmer, scissors, ruler, pencil, tape runner adhesive, strong tape adhesive (red line or scor-pal tape - narrow is better 1/8" or 1/4"), sanding tool, stapler, scoring tool, Distress Ink (I use Ranger Vintage Photo), ink blending tool, and non-stick craft mat, stapler.
According to Brian Ashton, the former England coach who understands the attacking game as well as anyone in European rugby and far better than most, there are three elements that allow modern-day New Zealanders to maximise the pride-history-legacy nexus by playing better rugby, technically and tactically, than everyone else.
According to the manufacturer this moisture management system helps keep fingers dry by wicking moisture away from them and works better than pure wool or pure synthetics.
[16] These circulars instruct agencies to develop, implement, and use capital programming processes that, for example: (1) evaluate and select capital asset investments that will support core mission functions and demonstrate projected returns on investments that are clearly equal to or better than alternative uses of public resources, (2) ensure that improvements to existing and planned information systems do not unnecessarily duplicate IT capabilities within the same agency, and (3) institute performance measures and management processes that monitor and compare actual performance with planned results.
1/2 c. good-tasting powdered nondairy milk beverage (such as Better Than Milk soy or rice beverage mix or potato milk powder-- do not use bulk soymilk powder ) 4 T. Grade A light maple syrup 1/4 tsp.
[11] We are of the opinion that this kind of analysis is generally only required in a nuisance case, and that it is better to preserve that aspect of traditional trespass analysis requiring no proof of actual injury because the invasion of the plaintiff's right to exclude was regarded as tortious by itself.
1) Prince Amukamara - A perfect fit for the Lions 2) Da'Quan Bowers - Knee injury or not he has the potential to be a stud, even if it takes a year 3) Cameron Jordan - multi-positional player that would fit our system better than you think 4) Aldon Smith - Huge Ceiling on a young player 5) Julio Jones - would look nice next to CJ but would be a Luxury
A&E announced on Friday (January 9) morning that "Bates Motel" will return for its third season on Monday, March 9 at 9 p.m. "Bates Motel" will be followed by the first season of A&E's remake of "The Returned," which A&E hopes will do better than last spring's short-lived "Bates" lead-out "Those That Kill."
09:30AM PDT - I'll admit that iOS seemed to scale better than I thought it would, but I'd love to see a rebirth here that allows iOS to scale in terms of complexity.
A 2012 report from the Cochrane Review, the big guns in evidence-based medical treatments, looked at almost 90 trials of wart treatments, and found a "modest therapeutic effect" for salicylic acid, with cryotherapy not much better than placebo treatments.
4:28PM Cymer beats by $0.20, beats on revs; guides Q1 revs below consensus (CYMI) 50.92 +0.01 : Reports Q4 (Dec) earnings of $0.40 per share, $0.20 better than the Capital IQ Consensus Estimate of $0.20; revenues rose 4.1% year/year to $152.9 mln vs the $127.89
2. The White Paper suggested that " as part of its plan for sustaining citizenship and civil society, the Trust, following consultation, might decide that one of its objectives should be to explain issues behind the news better than any other broadcaster."
19 My fruit is better than gold, even fine gold, and my yield than choice silver.
[0263] The gate 720 may be heavily P+ doped poly-Si to provide a better (than N+) hole supply.
A formidable contender for our game of the year - facing 'L.A. Noire,' 'Batman: Arkham Asylum' and 'Portal 2,' with new entries from the 'Call of Duty,' 'Zelda' and 'Assassin's Creed' franchises still waiting in the wings - we'll not only be angry but enraged if any game yet to come this year is somehow better than 'Uncharted 3.' We'd be much too busy to complain though.
1. Create Genetic Engineered Crops 2. Crops perform better than natural crops, crowding them out both in the marketplace, and in the wild.
Afghanistan is floated out as a 'trumps-all' ace card, the argument supposedly being that the Tornado is better suited to operating in Helmand.
2. These remarks, therefore, should be understood as an attempt to help further the considerable progress we've made in the last ten years not only toward organizing, but also toward understanding ourselves as workers rather than as "special" people with an almost sacred vocation for "Literature" (or "Theory" or "Teaching") who are somehow qualitatively better than all those other "ordinary" workers in other kinds of jobs.
[ 12 ] The Guardian ' s Angus Batey considered the idea of the four artists recording together to be better than the song itself, calling it "good-on-paper, less-so-in-the-booth".
4. nadal beat fed at 3 fench open wimbledon and australian open fed beat him twice he juyst beat nadal and nadal has health issues so he is not better than fed and fed was on way down when nadal started beating him last year 06 and 07 fed was alot better than nadal.
#30: Fireball Charming This year didn't have one comedy sequel that was better than the original.
Additionally, in seasons when a generally-considered weak driver performed far better than usual, that driver's team tended to consistently have among the best equipment on the track, the best example being Elliott Sadler in 2004 when driving for Yates (although most would have guessed Hendrick had stronger equipment this season, Yates actually had the strongest equipment of all teams and it is clear that Sadler and the then-aging Dale Jarrett were both underachieving).
9. Eventually when airline operations are combined (probably February/March 2015) they will use the American Airlines passenger service system, which is better operationally.
4) There were lots of loopholes and tricks to PVP because the devs didn't know what they were doing when they designed it (godmode running, buffing robes instead of individual pieces, metal armor was useless against most attacks even with buffs, martial arts was the cheapest melee skill and it was also much much better than the most expensive, some skill combos made characters much much better than others, etc).
1) freezing...geez Louise, I know you can do better than this.
(3) notes that while on the whole children in Australia fare better than children in other parts of the world, there remains significant issues to be tackled in Australia including child abuse and neglect, youth homelessness and the disadvantage suffered by indigenous children;
15) Because we understand our kids better than anyone else -- even if they can't talk; even if they can't gesture; even if they can't look us in the eye.
"A 45 percent 3-point shooter given total freedom to shoot off the dribble on the pick-and-roll is an anomaly for which NBA defenses just aren't prepared... Golden State has scored...nearly four points better than their very good regular season, and their defense has basically held steady against two of the league's eight best offenses."
2.For the same Price you can get a Ipod Touch at big surface store (I know androids is better than APPLE OS BUT! if you want 100% quality Android device you need to spend 500$+ for a real Tablet)
13 Ways To Get The Most From Dynamics CRM in 2013 5 Workflows To Really Make Your Dynamics CRM System Productive Six Reasons Why Microsoft Dynamics CRM Is Better Than British People Top Ten Microsoft Dynamics CRM sites for 2010 8 Microsoft CRM Reporting Secrets 6 Kick Butt Ways To Unleash The Power Of Microsoft CRM 5 Free Places To Get Microsoft CRM Help Microsoft CRM Minefields 6 Microsoft CRM Warnings
21. Rajon Rondo, G, Boston Celtics: Acquired in a draft-day deal (along with Brian Grant) from the Phoenix Suns in exchange for a future first-round pick, Rondo is already light years better than his teammate Sebastian Telfair, who we're predicting has about, oh, another two seasons to prove he belongs in the league.
4:17 Put your feet down with care when you go to the house of God, for it is better to give ear than to make the burned offerings of the foolish, whose knowledge is only of doing evil.
According to me me "Earth is better place to live, however it is being ruined by human activity"
A fifteen minute walk from The Grand Palace and Khao San Road, Wat Saket is better known to tourists as Golden Mount.
1000mAh battery in Samsung Star is better than that in LG Cookie and it reportedly provide 13 hour talk time and 600 hours standby time on full charge .
"A bad putt is still better than a bad chip," said Kaymer, who became just the fifth player to win the U.S. Open, PGA and The Players Championship.
8. Bill Monroe (8) - Still not convinced he was better than Grant or Johnson, but I am confident he should be ranked near Pike and Jones.
1 slice thick cut hickory smoked bacon, cut into small pieces 1 tbsp olive oil 1 lb chicken legs, skin removed Salt & Pepper 1/2 cup carrots, thinly sliced 1/4 cup celery, thinly sliced 1/2 onion, chopped 2 cups chicken broth (I make my own using better than boullion chicken flavored broth paste) 3 heaping tablespoons flour 1/2 cup water Sour Cream Garlic Biscuits (follow link to Food Network recipe - I made these as written)
Afghan, Pakistani leaders praise U.S. strategy KABUL - Afghanistan and Pakistan on Saturday praised the new U.S. strategy for dealing with growing violence in the two countries, with the Afghan president saying the plan to reconcile with moderate Taliban militants was better than expected and his Pakistani counterpart focusing on using development to fight extremism.
33' Great strength from Zamora to hold up the ball and then feed Andy Johnson...tough angle for Johnson but he really should have done better than the tame shot he fired straight at Al Habsi.
3) it is very difficult to decide IF and WHAT form is better for you when you are jogging 100m in the clip, because generally we see that runners change or optimise their running style to something consistent somewhere around 2-6 minutes into a run (or faster for elite), since you also said that you fatigue a lot in the VFF's, even though everyone is saying here that you look a little better in this condition, this may not be the case 2 miles down the road.
Accordingly, A Tango with Freud is McCall Smith's natural contribution to Better than fiction, Lonely Planet's collection of true travel tales from 32 acclaimed fiction writers.
1. Buddy Guy - Born To Play Guitar 2. Shemekia Copeland - Outskirts Of Love 3. Ian Siegal - One Night In Amsterdam 4. Beth Hart - Better Than Home 5. Chris James & Patrick Rynn - Trouble Don't Last 6. Snooks Esglin - New Orleans Street Singer + That's All Right 7. Joe Bonamassa - Muddy Wolf At Red Rocks 8. Lightnin' Slim - I'm A Rolling Stone 9. Tampa Red - Dynamite!
A bizarre and already infamous paper: bizarre because the authors clearly acknowledge that acupuncture is no better than a placebo, and bizarre because they conclude that it should be recommended, and most bizarre of all because it is published in The New England Journal of Medicine .
A common back-pain surgery works no better than a faked surgical procedure, according to a study released today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
A 37.5% chance is greater than a 20% chance of winning the division, 12.5% to win the 8th is better than 11.1% with the new wild card, however.
2. Fill it with DIY designs for fun easy home pop guns and other toys similar to NERFs. 3. Right on the home page proudly proclaim: "Better Than Hasbro because (1) Its FREE (2) You made it yourself, with love (3) No one will send goons to your home on a Sunday afternoon to scare you with legal threats and intimidate you by harassing your neighbors (link to articles).
[0005] The solutions obtained with the standard electro-dynamic approach (EHD) are order of magnitude better than those obtainable with the thermal injkjet or piezo-electric [24] printers, and thus meet the growing request in the nano-technologies field about more and more sophisticated lithographic methods that are able to realize more and more fine and complex patternings.
According to Conlan, the diving in Antarctica is better than in the Arctic because the water is too murky with sediment from the Mackenzie river.
27. Joie de Vivre We're All Better than This
Adding a hole would make the knife much wider and the oval still works better than the average thumbstud.
37 percent believe that ties between Israel and the United States "are worse" than ever before, and just 7 percent think they are better than in the past.
Advanced Energy Control : At 6th level, a wizard has learned to control the flow of magic energies a lot better than before.
2011 Shelby GT350 Mustang#5Performance White with Guardsman Blue Stripes 2,486 carefully driven miles 45th Anniversary Model Very rarely, if ever do the single digit VIN "friends and family" versions of Shelby's cars come into the retail marketplaceHere is a great opportunity to get the car of your dreams with the added value of getting the 5th car madeThis one has all the options and comes from a climate controlled museum setting where it sits in a large collection of very notable Shelby vehicles It does not get any better than this!
10% use American mass media due to language barriers; Minority newspapers, television, and radio are the best channels to reach this audience; direct mail reach this audience better than mass media; language is a huge barrier considering that only 50% read English; income level dictates internet usage.
3 Now, O Lord , take away my life, for it is better for me to die than to live." 4 But the Lord replied, "Have you any right to be angry?" 5 Jonah went out and sat down at a place east of the city.
218) Cutting off Lilith's hand--this should remind us the words of Jesus, that it is better to lose a hand or an eye, if they cause us to sin, than with foot, hand or eye to enter hell (St.
1)the dungeons 2)the decision making and it's significance to the story 3)usefulness of the loot 4)Relevancy of the party members 5)it should look better than a PS2 HD port at this point in the life span of the 360 & PS3
Actually I once received a (rejection) letter from Magma Magazine with feedback saying that the four lines I'd written via magnetic poetry were better than the whole of the rest of the poem: "Trudge under must / dress beneath rain / blood for water / wax for wind".
1) Not a programmer 2) Someone who really would like to see someone at least attempt to do this, and am worried that the amount of time this would need may scare some talented people away, so is unestimating the time on such a project greatly 3)Am afraid that when iTunes receives VBR support from Quicktime 7, even if the quality ends up being better than Nero, most users here will have to stick with Nero for gapless.
A few years since they were founded, the city's two charter high schools have mixed results that ultimately are not better than Albany High School.
(4:46 PM ET) SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- THQ Inc. [thqi] reported better-than-expected sales for its second fiscal quarter on Monday afternoon, citing strong sales of "Darksiders II."
100x better than factory speakers in my 2013 Jeep Wrangler.
A consequence of this is that you may fit the blueprint of a specific woman much better than another woman's.
11 FEB 2 FEB FEB Photography Workshops No one knows the striking land-scapes of Page, Lake Powell and Glen Canyon better than Gary Ladd.
Aaron Ekblad - Ontario (No. 1) total package on the blue-line ... understands the game better than most ... intelligent in all zones ... powerful stride ... tremendous poise ... outstanding strength ... extremely high hockey IQ ... makes crisp passes
5. Bill Monroe (8) - Still not convinced he was better than Grant or Johnson, but I am confident he should be ranked near Pike and Jones.
3. Once Upon A Time in the West (Paramount)--Leone's masterpiece looked and sounded better than ever, came with nice additional features and cost me less than fifteen bucks.
A fan of old cars, George has a 1955 Thunderbird as the resident artwork in the Missouri store, and he knows wine better than most.
274 For this reason the Psalmist says: "From my secret ones [sins], cleanse me, O Lord." 275 St. Augustine says also: "Consider that certain people are in a hidden way better than you are, although you may appear morally superior to them."
1 good size lettuce, eg Romaine - shredded 1 good bunch parsley - flat leaf is better for this recipe 6 leaves of sorrel - shredded (if you can't find sorrel - but try to because it has a beautiful lemony tang and it's easy to grow your own - just use some spinach or more lettuce or chard)
4 - UNTAPABLE (BEST BET) makes first start after runaway victory in Grade 1 Kentucky Oaks; considered by many the best 3-year-old in the land even better than the Triple Crown colts.
1) I would hope that they would produce players better than SBA and Singapore Sports School.
After four or five years, someone will tote up the numbers and see if the officer is any better than the Department of Finance or a random draw of numbers between plus and minus 100.
3.) Kabuto had told us that Hashirama was better than Madara be4 Madara got the rinennegan 4.) It is clearly seen by Madara's words ['Hashirama, its been a while since we've engaged in a fight to the death, as you can see, I am no longer the same foe you once knew'] that in their previous fights, Madara was not this powerful & they were fights to the death in which neither died.
(1) Over and above all, Balanchine visualizes that wonderful music better than Ashton; the main example for me is what Mr. B did for Oberon with the Scherzo music -- highly original and a challenge for the very best dancers (remember Misha couldn't really meet the test).
2. We should demand of politicians that they apply the same criteria of common sense and a sense of proportion to their pronouncements on the environment as to anything else - such as perhaps Mr Abbott can do better than to just state "climate change is crap", and perhaps the fossil fuel industry can do better than to spout nonsense via the Heartland Institute etc in order to get politicians to keep subsidising their damaging activities (the fossil fuel industry gets $1.9 trillion in subsidies globally each year per the IMF, ie.
Actually, Ann, in many ways those days were better than what we live through today.
A Flash of Green tells the gripping story of small-town corruption and two people brave enough to fight back, featuring many of the themes John D. MacDonald explored better than anyone in his legendary career as a leading crime novelist.Introduction by Dean KoontzThe opportunists have taken over Palm City.
2. Alex Smith is a decent better than average QB, he might not be elite, but he was a statistically great QB in 2012.
(4:14 PM ET) CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- Brisk growth in Singapore and Macau, along with a steady rebound in its home town helped Las Vegas Sands better than double its third-quarter profit, the casino operator said Thursday.
1.) Matt Barkley, QB USC - Pro ready, disciplined, already better than everything else on our roster... not Andrew Luck, but he isn't Ryan Fitzpatrick.
3. A 2005 report by the California Department of Education cites evidence that healthy, fit children are more prone to attend school and perform better than their sedentary peers.
28 seniors, including a QB finally getting a true shot at the job, a RB on the cusp of breaking his coach's all-time rushing record, and a offensive guard, large as the surrounding mountains, who is one of, if not the best at his position, give life to the hope that this team could be something better than what history and logic would dictate.
2"So because im not a Vanderbilt im suddenly white trash?i grew up in Bel-Air,Warner across the street from Aaron Spelling.I think most people would agree that's better than some stinky old Vanderbilt."
A 53 DPS Arcanite Reaper somehow being much, MUCH better than any 65 DPS weapon.
A 35-foot, composite-bodied transit bus powered by lithium titanate batteries and two 16-kilowatt Hydrogenics hydrogen fuel cells, the bus runs on clean electric power - with water vapor as its only emission - in a lighter, quieter, and more aerodynamic design that is better suited for today's transportation demands.
2- the conference palace hotel is BEAUTIFUL , its near completion and looking better than ever , the 24 K gold plated domes make a whole lota difference for sure , will take up-dated photos of it soon
[ 13 ] During ESPN television commentary on a semi-finals match between Reyes and Mika Immonen at the 2000 Billiard Congress of America Open 9-Ball Championship, veteran professional Billy Incardona stated that Reyes was "indisputably the best player in the world-especially when you consider all games-he can play any game as well as anyone, maybe better than anyone....
[0006] Due to the expansion of application fields and the increase in demand, the external shapes and sizes of the batteries are varied, and the lithium secondary batteries are required to have durability and safety characteristics better than those of existing small batteries.
11 I Come In Peace aka Dark Angel My Favorite Dolph Lundgren Movie(yes even better than Masters of the Universe, The Punisher, and Red Scorpion) This movie is about an evil criminal alien who comes to Earth in search of the Universes best Narcotic.
5. Jim O'Brien likes "perimeter 4's" better than the more traditional thinking Larry Bird.
According to sources, bud dissection by a major raisin packer is showing that Thompson seedless is running about 75 percent to 85 percent of normal fruitfulness for the upcoming season, slightly better than in 2006.
A couple of new NZ products which I'm liking are Nice Cream which is a coconut cream based ice cream, they only have a few flavours but it's so much better than So Good or Lite Licks which are the only other brands here.
(8) Having seen a huge reorganisation of education in the U.K., we will see far more, and maybe a return to some of the original technical colleges that have now become universities, and this might end much of the current pretence that the nation is better educated than ever before.
After a brief closure recently, The Empire Diner is open, back in business, under new management, and better than ever.
A Broadway musical, the thinking goes, should be better than an Adam Sandler vehicle.
2) It was permissible to support violent marxist rebels in the rest of the countries in order to push for revolution and social justice since the experiences of Cuba and Mexico proved that people lived better than in other Latin-American countries.
4:07PM Seagate Tech beats by $0.54, beats on revs (STX) 27.89 -0.63 : Reports Q3 (Mar) earnings of $2.64 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.54 better than the Capital IQ Consensus Estimate of $2.10; revenues rose 65.1% year/year to $4.45 bln vs the $4.36 bln consensus.
According to Wachtel, the Mustangs have good size, better-than-average footwork, are tough and play smart.
6A the quality of the final symbol decisions a k-M according to both curve (c) and curve (d) is distinctly better than that of the tentative symbol decisions a k at the output of equalizer EQ (curve (b)).
After hosting the Force in their first game this week, the Sharks visit and last year's beaten finalists are looking better than ever.
4) should have bought a cobra... i know the roush is rare and all, but the 03+ cobra is better in every other way and has more potential.
A comprehensive tutorial would have served better than the collection of videos on the disc, but at least there's a practice arena to hone your skills in.
A friend commented that the head and leg room in the front was better than in her BMW 3 series.
1badmf wrote on Dec 8, 2015, 10:25: it's also weird how consistently the leaders pick better than everyone else.
1949 Ford F100 Delivery Van This truck is better then new an all steel body that's as straight as an arrow.
1) at five years old he went to live in Mexico (or at the age of five is better???) 2) The group dissolved (and not was dissolved??) 3) What did film director offer to him?
A double evil being undoubtedly worse than a single evil leading to a far better good, the death of a person as a Christian is indubitably "better" than the death of a person as an unbeliever.
38 years, and running, in power (with barely ever having to worry about so much as a bad dream of losing power to another party to force them to moderate their "vision" and be pragmatic) and the PCs still haven't managed to develop enough economic durability to weather a recession better than the "have-not" provinces.
2- It does not matter how a "Real Man" treats her e.g.(Ji Heon) and tries to see her as capable human being, in her eyes a man like that " cannot and will be seen as a "Real Man", thus destroying all her family and friends support all around her if she dares to be "Better than a man".
After a lot of shopping around looking the competitors, I ordered the harness with the Cobra PLASTIC buckle which has a load rating of 500lbs so better than Fastek but not as expensive as the metal buckle
Admittedly, Kapoor's loony double, switching from lollipop-sucking gentility to murderous rage whenever someone sneezes, fares better than the others, even if the one-note joke soon wears thin.
3. Adventure walks! or Treasure Hunt! (sounds way better than 'get lost while I set up the tent').
[ 10 ] The challenge on Up was making these stylized characters feel natural, [ 14 ] although Docter remarked the effect came across better than animating the realistic humans from Toy Story , who suffered from the " uncanny valley ". [ 26 ] Cartoonists Al Hirschfeld , Hank Ketcham , and George Booth influenced the human designs.
3. It has also the most credit cards outstanding in order of volume with 22%. 4. The bank posted better than expected profit for 2008, but was down 14% from 2007.
After 12 days in Brazil and three in KC, nothing was better than a session on the #dreamdriveway with @alejandirt (bs smith), @porpe, @jiwajata, @mannyrodriguez1, @shaqueefaog, Dustin, Jack, Treshan, and whomever else I'm forgetting.
115,000 miles Power windows, power door locks, $3400 stereo which sounds better than my Mercedes does, 3" lift, 17 in wheels with new BFG's, programable power chip, 5" exhaust, new larger turbo, $1100 camper shell, air bags, $800 Bilstien shocks, Cruise control, AC, Tilt, XLT.
37             (b) The term "blind person" means a person whose central visual 38       acuity does not exceed 20 over 200, in the better eye with correcting lens 39       or whose visual acuity if better than 20 over 200, is accompanied by a 40       limit to the field of vision in the better eye to such a degree that its widest 41       diameter subtends an angle of no greater than 20 degrees.
adding to the other email that was answered, and most here might know better than I do, using a passive scanner, like Kismet, and hidden ssid, will not show the ssid name until a valid client actually associates to that SSID.
2: Do those cobra toilet augers they sell at Lowes work better than a normal 50 foot snake?
#1985748 - 11/12/12 03:07 PM Re: Pearl River/Perzina/Kawai which is better?
(1990) found that at 6-month follow-up, subjects who received a behaviourally based self-help manual did better than those who received only general advice and an information booklet.
Additionally, Noah looks better than the Bible Epics of the Golden Era of the genre, for obvious reasons.
2012 - Mila Yuliani and Nety into Java Magazine as a recommendation of Agnes Crepet (JDuchess Franches), after visiting Meruvian Agnes in 2011, evaluating the curriculum Indonesia and said the curriculum is better than France, but still less complete than the French industry (Spesalisasi Agnes is Agile) .
3. The National Party is continuing to invest in broadband infrastructure , despite telecos 'promising' they can deliver better than the govertnment.
A friend and I would often argue about what tournament is better: The U.S. Open or the Masters.
Acknowledging that some federal funding is better than none at all, some community college advocates say summit attendees should brainstorm about ways to supplement what the reconciliation bill had to offer.
A $13,000 Ford Focus protects it's driver much better than a Pontiac Aztek if you run both of them into fixed barriers.... AND the Aztek costs 2x the price.
A baby can cry for a few minutes without it being the end of the world, and it is better for you to put your baby down in a safe place and take a minute or two to compose yourself than to do something you will regret.
After all, Rouse served as a top aide to former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle and understands the unique customs of the Senate better than anyone.
10%) so that you could always have just enough power left should you for example need to make an emergency call - having even 5% of battery power left is a hell of a lot better than 0% and makes a huge difference.
] 45 If your foot causes you to stumble, cut it off; it is better for you to enter life lame, than, having your two feet, to be cast into hell, 46 [ # See v 44, note where their worm does not die , and the fire is not quenched .
10 million buys @ $5 each with 10% piracy is a hell of a lot better than 1 million buys @ $25 each with 90% piracy (NB: I just plucked those figures out of the air).
A base front-drive model uses a 2.7-liter four-cylinder engine rated just one EPA mpg better than the V-6 but got 3-4 better in real world drives.
99% of the last post was for the independent front suspension and was to help newbes understand why OME springs are better than Rocky Road front spacers in better detail than I ever found.
According to his own testimony, Antheil wrote his first string quartet as a picture of a gypsy band playing better than it knew how.
According to Baljit Singh, head of Penang Gerakan legal and human rights bureau, Najib and his ministers, their deputies and parliamentary secretaries must prove that they were better than Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim.
2 From the perspective of funds as investors in corporate and fixed income securities, ICI believes that financial reporting that requires the use of mark-to-market or fair value accounting to measure the value of financial instruments serves the interests of investors and the capital markets better than alternative cost-based measures.
[0084] Furthermore, when using the solar cell module 10 as the exterior finish, it is better that the metal-resin composite substrate 16 (the metal layer 16A) is viewable from the viewpoint of an aesthetic appeal of the building, etc.
Abstract In order the manufacturers and the sectors of the construction is to move there is one way which is to adopt the philosophy of concurrent engineering (CE), better than using the masters of other companies in the provision chain.
58 Most recently OA m were reported to perform better than CPAP in 4 of 8 domains (bodily pain, vitality, social function, mental health) and the overall mental component score.
[ 253 ] Lieutenant Colonel Magdi Mazarib, a Bedouin, who is the Israeli army's highest-ranking tracking commander, told the AFP that he believes that "the state of Bedouin in Israel is better, as far as the respect we get, our progress, education".
$680 doesn't feel any better than $80, to tell you the truth, but they look fabulous.
A 3 mega pixel camera is better than an 8 if it has a flash - as soon as you go indoor/low light the photos become crap, no matter how good light gathering or image stabilization is!
(10:36 AM ET) SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Shares of Broadcom Corp. BRCM, +0.31% rose nearly 10% to $33.77 on Wednesday morning after the communications chip maker posted better-than-expected results for the second quarter and gave an in-line forecast for the current period.
Add spices such as cumin, fresh chopped garlic, salt - whatever you have on hand and/or like, but the cumin is key - when the turkey has finished cooking add the chopped spinach (I used frozen tonight, but fresh is better) and/or turnip greens.
A. As a conclusion it is decided here to value the performance of biogas systems with regard to electricity prices significantly better than for hybrid systems.
9:00 - Face Off - "Two Heads Are Better Than One" - The artists compete in teams when they face the challenge of creating larger-than-life characters based on the fairy tale "Jack the Giant Killer."...
After a real-time, 10-year hiatus, Leigh and all her friends and family are back... and better than ever!
1 is better; in 2, the sky is less dramatic and the eye keeps trying to flit back and forth between the statue and the sky trying to decide what the focus of the image is and finding neither is a capturing point.
1. Do you believe that the Trinamool-Congress (I) alliance will perform better than the Left front in working towards an egalitarian agrarian structure?
1. Thier $2.99 white wine (can only get in in NYC) 2. Mixed Bean Salad- AWSOME in can/No Oil 3. ORGANIC Hummus - The organic is 50 times better than the regular/doesnt taste like lemons 3. Non-fat Yogurt- Dont eat yogurt w/ chemicals.
4) El Fuego - Better than the Lions (and the Cougars) I have no business playing flag football (and half of my teammates didn't either) since I spent most of high school trying to avoid PE class (expect for during floor hockey and basketball) but myself and Kenny are oddly competitive and found ourselves spending 60 % of our work weeks trying to figure out how to win at least one game during our two seasons with the Tappen Zee Flag Football league.
1' is better but most people skimp on the stone to save money... at their peril down the road.
1. looks - people just like to show off 2. ego - "look i have apple, im better than you" 3. when it comes to marketing and brain washing, apple is #1 4. fanboys and apple cheerleaders feel they belong to something ( loners ) they think they are apple... 5. i can go on but i got to get back to work
3. Keeps the same set of four batteries together, it is better to age batteries together, therefore when you decide the batteries are no longer good, you can trash all four at the same time without testing each and every battery.
14 Christine Feillet-Coudray , Gillen Fouret , Raymond Ebabe Elle , Jennifer Rieusset , Beatrice Bonafos , Beatrice Chabi , David Crouzier , Kamelija Zarkovic , Neven Zarkovic , Jeanne Ramos , Eric Badia , Michael P. Murphy , Jean Paul Cristol , Charles Coudray , The mitochondrial-targeted antioxidant MitoQ ameliorates metabolic syndrome features in obesogenic diet-fed rats better than Apocynin or Allopurinol, Free Radical Research , 2014 , 48 , 10, 1232 CrossRef
3DTV's are 10x (Dare I say 100x) better than that at the cinema..I went to my local Comet shop and asked for a demonstration, I was amazed at the clarity/depth and the overall picture quality...At the cinema the picture is dulled by the glasses and it still seems fuzzy, but the 50" Samsung I was shown had brilliant colour and the 3D was crystal clear no blur effect at all (Must be the difference between the cheaper and more expensive shutter glasses)
100 wives??? Now c'mon...you can get what amounts to be a wife that is 100 times better than the one a guy might have to leave, but that excludes instructions found in 1 Corinthians 7:27 (the NT does not teach men to leave their wives...but, the wife could leave if she wanted to pursue a life of a non-believer or is a non-believer)
17:00   BSP's regime better than SP, says Digvijaya :  Congress General Secretary Digvijaya Singh today hit out at the Akhilesh Yadav government in the wake of the communal violence in Uttar Pradesh's Muzaffarnagar district, in which at least 12 people were killed.
17 June 2014 : While it is extremely difficult to be completely anonymous on the Internet, new technology is making it possible to protect users' privacy far better than it is done today, according to Dr Steven Murdoch, a Royal Society University Research Fellow in the Security Group of the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory.
1. Gas Enhancements:  Being told that "ultra premium" gas is better for your vehicle than regular gasoline is one of the oldest myths out there.
114 SERMO XI. wiseman here speaks of any dispensation of affliction, which God has set before ns in his providence : "There is a time to weep," and to meet an afflictive dispensation ; and, instead of wishing to avoid such dispensation by sinful methods, the wise man tells us in the text, that " It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to the house of feasting/' Those persons, therefore, of whom Isaiah speaks,
1.4 tesla is 14000 gauss so this seems like a very reasonable flux density in the gap, not too many PM speakers do better than this.
3. I cannot describe the nature of this faith better than in the words of our own Church: "The only instrument of salvation" (whereof justification is one branch) "is faith; that is, a sure trust and confidence that God both hath and will forgive our sins, that he hath accepted us again into His favour, for the merits of Christ's death and passion.
Accordingly, this December 1969 version of "Earth Blues" is better than the one on Rainbow Bridge (now on First Rays of the New Rising Sun ) because Hendrix's overdubs in Ping-Pong stereo are gone, making the performance less busy.
'86 Ford E250 van, rust and primer trimmed in original blue "87 Volvo 240 DL wagon original yuppiemobile, cream both bought new, both 150k+ miles, both run strong--Volvos still get 25mpg--van never got better than about 15 mpg but is is full of tools used in house restoration business..
18. Ghost Recon: Future Soldier (360/PS3/PC) Another successful reinvention for the third person shooter series, that tackles future tech better than any other game and enjoys a skilful mix of stealth, action, and sci-fi gimmickry.
1949 he regarded an annual record-playing dinner as 'the essence of human living and much better than building a palatial concert hall'.
Accordingly, the password authentication method of the present invention is unobtrusive, reliable and could be used on any data input device that could measure typing intervals with accuracy better than one millisecond.
1. Dallas Buyer's Club does better than anyone thinks.
52 Heading - I'll be honest i've scored more goals with his head than his feet xD he runs into the box and just gets his bonce on it he isn't scared of feet or spikey boots just gets stuck in, however when it comes to corners he is better at taking them rather than heading them in to the back of the net.
A friend of miine stayed at the White Rose 4 star hotel, that was much better than the Patra Jasa.
Actually, I would say Scuttle and Sebastian look better than the Broadway versions.
2. The T29 was nerfed due to having a small percent higher average xp than the IS tank, and you claim that the T29 performs better than the IS / Tiger I. Since the T29 was nerfed for being "better" than the other Tier 7 Heavies, why have we not seen a meaningful nerf for the IS-4 and T-54?
- 5/6/81 from Nassau 10th row center (I like it better than the Dick's Picks board) - 7/10/81 behind the stage - the Jim Wise auds of the 82 Red Rocks run (7/27, 28, 29) recorded at the mouth of the stage.
2. Add the beans, oats, applesauce, nut butter, vanilla, and dates to a HIGH speed blender or food processor (I have a Ninja blender, which I consider second best to a Vitamix, so it works better than my food processor.
Able to project normalcy, danger and a sense of chaos through his colors, Fabela manages to make the art a bit better than it is, with some pages being rather striking though his filters.
196 GALILEO IN FLORENCE [1617 " As Sister Arcangela's disposition/' she writes, "is very different from mine, being rather odd and whimsical, it is better for me to give up to her in many things, in order to preserve that peace and unity which accord with the exceeding love we bear each other."
A detailed but very clearly written history of philosophy is the 7-volume one (15 in paperback) by Frederick Coppleston (he's a Catholic priest but not horribly biased- some other books of his are bad, but largely because they came under church censorship- Bertrand Russell is better at explaining the British rationalists than Coppleston, but it's the other way around with Christian philosophers like Aquinas).--
27 For it is better for us to be made a spoil for them than to die of thirst; for we will be his servants, so that our souls may live and we will not see the death of our infants before our eyes, nor the dying of our wives or our children.
Active Motif have also just released a new ChIP kit (that includes an antibody known to work to TFIIB) that they say is better than other kits, but I've not tried it - I use home-made solutions etc.
2:13 And the hands of Providence hath smiled upon you most pleasingly, that you have obtained many riches; and because that some of you have obtained more abundantly than that of your brethren, ye are lifted up in the pride of your hearts, and wear stiff necks, and high heads, because of the costliness of your apparel, and persecute your brethren, because that ye suppose that ye are better than they.
After a shaky start Lampkin began to ride himself back into contention by producing the best ride in the fourth hazard, adding only one to his already mounting score, this was one better than Freixa, Fujinami, Fajardo, Raga, and Cabestany who were next best here.
2002 Ford Mustang 3.8L Poor Idle Quality, Hesitation, Misfire VIN: 1FAFP40462 Overall The advice given to me on this repair was limited but sometimes any help is better then none.
After a better than anticipated holiday season retailers continued their momentum in to the late winter and Easter season by posting better than anticipated results in February and March.
32% of the seniors took SAT tests last year with an average score of 1543-better than the average California score of 1492.
1-tuple syntax in Python is not great, but it's much better than not having
2012 Green and Black N1K - Yoshimura Slip-on's - Puig windshield - Sargent seats - CRG clutch and brake levers - Pit Bull spools and stand 16 tooth front - Yoshimura fender eliminator - Pappa Shine wax to keep it looking better than new LOTS of smiles when riding!
1) Several countries-including Canada, Australia, Poland, and Sweden-clearly had smaller fiscal stimulus packages than the US in response to the Great Recession, and yet they are clearly doing better than the US in terms of the recovery.
(21.) Eliot Spitzer+ when he was New York State attorney general, defended his high-profile cases against "big business" in similar terms: "'Does anybody out there really believe that the market is better off with those problems before we revealed them?... Just as would anybody want to go back to the world before Teddy Roosevelt, where we broke up the cartels'?
2007 is the "Year of Rumi," and who better than Coleman Barks, Rumi's unlikely, supremely passionate ambassador, to mark the milestone of this great poet's 800th birthday?
3rd Quarter, 2:25: It's hard to fault the Patriots passing up a 47-yard field goal, but they have to do a little better than letting Brady get sacked on a crucial 4th down.
9. @LeeOdden Content Marketing Maturity Stasis Focus: status quo Static Few resources Initial experiments Brand centric Production Utility Focus: quantity Strategy Process Creation "More is Better" SEO centric Focus: quality Functional, useful Customer focused Refined process Social centric Storytelling Monetization Focus: experience Seek to dominate USP Brand leadership Optimized buy cycle Integration Multi & Omni Channel Focus: ecosystem Marketing ROI Content Publishing ROI Syndication ROI Services ROI Scale
23] And this righteousness reason, by its own strength, can, to a certain extent, work, ...we cheerfully assign this righteousness of reason the praises that are due it, for this corrupt nature has no greater good in this life and in a worldly nature, nothing is ever better than uprightness and virtue, and Aristotle says aright: Neither the evening star nor the morning star is more beautiful than righteousness, and God also honors it with bodily rewards....
[ 22 ] Paige Wiser of the Chicago Sun-Times found the series better than Hannah Montana , but commented that Nick Jonas's reserved nature made him the weak link of the premiere episode and that the boys' amateur acting is "endearing until they play a scene opposite someone with real comedic timing - like John Ducey ."
After a while when they burned in, they sounded better than my monster turbines which costed over $150.
7 Show 'em how Broadway is better when it's discounted.
33rd.............[/p][/quote]Hi Morst, I don't think enough Rovers fans can be persuaded to boycott the game, so better than have a half full Ewood I hope that the Rovers fans turn out in force and create a cauldron of red hot support and sing the Rovers on to a great victory!
ACCREDITED TEXAS -BREDS IN WEEKEND STAKES ACTION More Than Most (Indygo Mountain - Better Than Most) takes on a full field in this afternoon's $50,000 Joseph E. "Spanky" Broussard Overnight Stakes at the Fair Grounds.
31)Billy Pierce - don't see him as being better than Bridges 32)Addie Joss - ERA/+ and WHIP are great, but why so little black ink? 33)Cupid Childs 34)Pete Browning 35)Charley Jones - he got the shaft - but I am not convinced as to what extent.
A close loss in the ultra-tough Sunset League was as good as or even better than a victory in the Pacific League.
Additionally, I'll pass Mack Brown, who I personally believe is nothing more than a better-than-average coach who can't win a championship without Vince Young.
According to the LPGA projection, to go to the top Pettersen needs to win at par-72 Sentosa Golf Club and hope that Park does not finish better than tied for third with two players.
2012 Paris: 2014 Ford Fiesta Wears Aston Martin Grille Better Than Cygnet
1. Bobaflex - Better Than Me 2. Dry Kill Logic - Paper Tiger 3. Dry Kill Logic - Lost 4. Nevermore - Born 5. Nevermore - Enemies of Reality 6. Symphony X - Inferno 7. Symphony X - Of Sins And Shadows 8. Life of Agony - The Day He Died 9. Life of Agony - Love To Let You Down 10.
Adam hasn't had a sexual encounter or relationship of any kind for five years thanks to "the 12-step programme" and help from his sponsor Mike (Tim Robbins) who is better at helping other SA sufferers than dealing with his own son's problems.
9 922 Kevin Strijbos Suzuki RMZ 450 10 8- I follow the GPs pretty good and doesn't it seem that Strijbos has been around forever? Like he's washed out of good rides, had crappy rides and now he's back and maybe better than ever?
20 defenses of his WBO title with wins over Jeff Lacy (who is better than Hagler), Chris Eubank (who is better than Hearns), Robin Reid (who is better than Benitez), Peter Manfredo Jr (who is better than Duran), Mario Veit, Omar Sheika, and Charles Brewer...
After a strong start on the vault, Alabama exploded on the uneven bars, scoring a 49.475 - better than any of the Tide's 2013 totals - behind a trio of 9.9 or better scores.
A few of the countries that do better than us in the world in infant deaths per thousand are:  Australia, Austria, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
1: Judy, that big sequential improvement in tonnage or better-than-normal tonnage in January, what's your sense?
3. Alien 5. Starship Troopers, Final Fantasy, and Aliens all do the "Bug Hunt" thing far better than Blade 2 attempted.
After all, who would expect that Brian Boucher would play not only better, but much better than Vezina-finalist Martin Brodeur, that the Flyers would take the defensive hockey that the New Jersey Devils are known for and turn it against them?
25. Using a leaf we found in the jungle of La Moskitia, Honduras to cure an infection in my foot; meaning the first time I realized that leaves and roots cure as well as or better than the pills I've been swallowing my whole life.
After a break up with my boyfriend of 4 years, I was living a lifestyle of "bad company is better than no company."
A better-than-thunderbolt display is just 550 bucks (Dell U2713HM).
A better than expected monthly jobs report pushed bank rates higher going into the Independence Day holiday weekend.
2. Space Seed -Freedom is better than rule by even an able dictator-
4. The Royal Rumble Match:   We addressed this a few months ago during Royal Rumble season, but it's worth mentioning that no singular gimmick match in WWE is better than the Royal Rumble match.
After each epic effort, we all sat outside talking about how each wave was better than the last.
According to a third aspect of the present invention there is provided the use of a membrane, of which an exposed area having a diameter of 1 mm is resistant to a one-atmosphere pressure gradient, and which is transparent to high energy electrons, to construct a chamber to enable wet samples to be viewed under a scanning electron beam at a resolution substantially better than 100 nm.
19. New Adventure Island (TG16) - The Wonderboy and Adventure Island games have seen quite a few releases on various consoles over the years, but none better than this outstanding TurboGrafx-16 rendition.
7.Beast 8.Angel 9.Sunfire 10.Ice Man Shawn Ashmore 100 % 11.Rogue Anna Paquin I agree 100 % 12.Colossus 13.Shadow Cat Ellen Page 14.Professor Charles Xavier Stay to Patrick Stewart I want he is can standing fight later and his power better than before.
#14 I agree with most of what you said, except that Marquis is "definitely" better than Maine and OP, I think he is definitely more of a known qty than either of them, but I think both have a higher upside for what they could do next year than Marquis.
(4:6) and "better than both is he who has not yet been and has not seen the evil deeds that are done under the sun." (4:3) and So I guess you can also tell me to obey the commands to be quiet and retroactively cease existence.
[ 98 ] GamesRadar 's Nathan Irvine also gave the game 10 out of 10, calling it "nails ... the epic scale of everything that unfolds before your eyes and the manner in which it's delivered", believed it was better than God of War Collection , Devil May Cry 4 , and Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 , and praised its "superb action" and humor (such as "Luka doing his best Assassin's Creed impression by looking moody in an Altair/Ezio style hood").
14. Maybe this is better than seeing him frogmarched away in chains.
3. Would you rather keep a secret for life to save one person, or tell your best friend's deepest, darkest secret to save several people? 4. If you could stop one social injustice what would it be? 5. Which is better- being lucky or being smart?
After a bus ride in which Giovanni Ribisi lays out the shifting tides of revolution and counter-revolution that direct whatever alternate universe contains the film, Dylan runs into Val Kilmer, who delivers a monologue about why animals are better than humans, then pretends to kill a rabbit.
According to the World Health Organization , the island had the lowest infant mortality rate in Latin America, and the 13th-lowest in the world - better than in contemporary France, Belgium, West Germany, Israel, Japan, Austria, Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
15 minutes my friend told me that it reminds her "tommy girl" and I had to agree with her.of course tommy girl is better,but the combination of rose,violet and citrus notes are the same and both of them are citrusy-floral.
( ABC News ) A ballot measure mandating that porn stars wear condoms in adult films passed with 56 percent of the vote in Los Angeles County this week, but the adult film industry in California says it has already has a system to curb the spread of sexually transmitted diseases - and it's better than latex.
@3:43 I'm no more troll than somebody who doesn't understand that condoms can break, or might have holes where they are least expected, but believes that is better protection than abstinence because he or she wouldn't want to people to be prudent about sex and have that get in the way of sexual conquests for the sake of bragging to the world.
13 February 2015 11:42:30 First night I used these I had the best night's sleep I've had for ages and that has continued -I know I'm guilty of keeping pillows too long but I think these are better than the last ones even when they were new!   read more
1 1/4 Cup Better Than Flour Mix 3 Tbsp Psyllium Husk Powder 1/4-1/2 Tsp Salt (didn't really measure) 2 tbsp Grated Parmesan Cheese 1/2 tbsp of Basil 1/4 tsp Garlic Powder 2 tsp Baking Powder 3 Large Eggs 1 cup boiling water
A Bombardier's Courage We couldn't tell the story about one of our Jacksonville Jewish boys any better than did ,hc National Jewish Welfare Board in recording it, so here , yarn from their war rec- ords: They were loading U. S. Flying Fortsesses with five hundred- pound bombs in the pitch-black- ness of a war-time English night.
Abraham Lincoln said it better than anyone today has said it: "Nothing stamped in the Divine Image was sent into the world to be trod upon."
[11] In his years as Caretaker , Filch learned all about the Castle's secret passageways and hidden doors better than anyone but the Weasley twins and the Marauders.
(400) BCS Retardation  (3) Ben Gordon  (1) BENETAR'D  (2) Biden No Fuck Ups YAAAAAAY  (1) Big 10  (1) Big 12 Dominace  (5) Big Ben Roethlisberger Willie Namath  (8) Bill Richardson  (6) BILLY HALL  (1) Billy sweet Billy Boy  (2) Bitter Beer Face  (61) Black men are funny  (2) Blake Griffin  (1) Blogger inside baseball  (12) Bloggers who are better than me and I hate them for it.
1. Socialism is better than the free market; 2. Christianity is of the devil; 3. America is the villain of world history; 4. Family does not mean marriage, and; 5. Human greed is destroying the earth.
A fairly common discussion, or argument in some cases, that I have observed gamers having is whether or not a GM should run a game exactly as the rules are written, or if it is better to use house rules or even hand wave certain rules instead.
(4%) I was quite surprised at this result as there had been a lot of moans and groans, doom and gloom, surrounding the club, yet most people seemed to think the team were doing what they had expected with some thinking we'd done better than expected.
Add to that the fact that Ruddock fights back, which is supposed to be double the frustration for Mike, and Razor was probably better than Douglas.
47 Then they all drew near and besought him and entreated him to command the centurion and the soldiers to say nothing of the things which they had seen: 48 For it is better, say they, for us to incur the greatest sin before God, and not to fall into the bands of the people of the Jews and to be stoned.
A chef needs knives, already making it more important than a cookbook (there are too many things a chef needs knives for) and nowhere, by either Sam or the guest, did they say that Global's knives were better than other knives.
Abraham Lincoln, President during our Civil War-our country at its most contentious-wrote about "the better angels of our nature," the same theme that Martin Luther King Jr. echoed in the next century in his famous "Dream" speech: that we must always strive to be better than we are.
After about a half our wait, I was called to be seen, and C. was able to come with me (so much better than our previous hospital experience when partners were not permitted in the emergency room).
10 times better than that shitty X-men evolution, and that ruler drawn Justice League.
34 St. Johns Wort(Hypericum perforatum) Named after St. John the Baptists birthday (6/24) when it typically blooms Multiple RCTs show that it is better than placebo for MILD to MODERATE depression Other RCTs show that it is as effective as prescription antidepressants with fewer side effects NO better than placebo for MAJOR depression Side effects include mild HA, gastric upset, dizziness, fatigue and photosensitivity MAJOR concern for herb-drug interaction Ann Intern Med 200213642-35, Linda K et al Cochrane Database Systematic Review 2005CD000448 35 St. Johns Wort
12:31-13:8), better than all the gifts of prophesy-of interpreting what ought and ought not be believed-is that of love-of coming together; not breaking up in camps, chanting "my way or the highway", but building up in community, chanting "let's build that new thruway".
11 Deconvolution of the NMR observables over an ensemble of structures obtained by Monte Carlo conformational searches, followed by the clustering analysis that is embedded in DISCON software, led to an ensemble of four principal conformers, that in combination fit the NMR derived distance and torsional angle data better than any single conformation.
2. On MSNBC's Morning Joe today, Joe Scarborough (a Republican) said, "The Democrats who put [the convention in Charlotte] together were so much better than the Republicans who put Tampa together."
Admittedly, most Europeans speak English (many far better than us natives do), but if your are just visiting Italy or Spain or Norway, or even that big old baddie Russia, it is accepted that visitors will probably not speak the native language and efforts are made to find someone to translate - before any tickets or prosecution is brought.
Adding a bright lipstick is the perfect way to get noticed and who knows it better than actress Lucy Hale , who rocked a hot pink lip with luxe lashes at the 26th Annual Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards last night?
1968 - All Star pitching duels don't get much better than the NL's 1-0 win over the AL in the All Star game at the Astrodome as the only run scored in the first inning on a double play grounder.
064: Vonderful Varriors 063: Where's Jonny Cage? 062: Like Cooking Cake In A Muffin Tin 061: Tube Babies Are Better Than One 060: Like A Fox 059: It's A Political Thing 058: An Out Of Character Experience 057: Penguins Can Fly! 056: Woo! 055: The .com
After all, the Bush team desperately fought tooth and claw to assure the voters that, despite 9/11, Bush could protect America from terrorists better than decorated military hero John Kerry.
AC is doing better than the anti AC troll who has nothing going on other than digging up threads to post unsubstantiated rumors.
Additionally, although its on-road ride and handling is better than its Cherokee predecessor, the Liberty can't compete with the road manners of more carlike mini-utes offered by Ford/Mazda, Honda and Toyota.
11. "W3C Widgets are better than websites because they download only the data; and not the core files.""Widgets
4. Baltimore Orioles: Trevor Bauer (RHP, UCLA) - Playing his home games in Camden Yards and division games in Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park isn't much better than Chase Field, but the Orioles are a team desperate for starting pitching, and with Bundy off the board already, Bauer is the best of what's left.
19 Laban responded, "It is better that I give her to you than to another man; remain with me."
1) KEEP IT GOOFY & SILLY -- The first Beaver story rule of thumb: "goofy is good, silly is better."
"After 2 years of rocking things in Ponsonby - we have decided to take 'Jam' downtown for some sweet summer action, and where better than the Honey Bar Rooftop on O'Connell Street in the Central City - because Jam and Honey ALWAYS goes together (we have it on good authority!)
94: I will have to admit that Steve Smith is better than TO, but I don't think Randy Moss, Chad Johnson, or either of the Arizona receivers are as good as he is.
According to the locals they have not had the best snow year and had not yet been able to open many of the "off-piste" bowls etc, but on my humble opinion the "on-piste" was better than most European resorts I have visited .
According to information filed with the Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS), a part of DOT's Research and Innovative Technology Administration (RITA), the 18 carriers reporting on-time performance recorded an overall on-time arrival rate of 80.0 percent in March, better than the 78.4 percent on-time rate of March 2009 and February 2010's 74.6 percent.
[0112] The results show that Formulae A and D according to an embodiment of the invention are significantly better than Formula C. The bases of solvent with a vegetable origin in Formulae A and D according to the invention, (BIOSANE 2050ED) and (Biosane 161313) gave significantly better results than the base of solvent with a petroleum origin in Formula C. The asphalt mixture according to Formula C cracked at 1.2° C. while the asphalt mixture according to Formula A resisted until -4.9° C. and the asphalt mixture according to Formula D resisted until -15.5° C.
12. Jason Terry, Dallas: He plays his hybrid role superbly, juggling roles of mentor, floor general, spot-up shooter and tempo-changer better than anyone could've anticipated.
Actually, better than Jordan or Luigi Bosca.
After checking in, you can chill like a rock star, lounging by the outdoor Nirvana Pool or enjoying the Reliquary Spa's "drumsticks massage," which incorporates tapping with bamboo reeds - and actually feels much better than, say, getting thumped by Alex Van Halen.
15:02: Eric Godard decides to see if he's any better than his predecessor as he drops the gloves with Big Georges Laraque.
Actually, conflict holds everyone's attention better than harmony.
3. Your analogy infers that you are the only Unie believer, and therefore that I might reasonably find belief in Unies a bit strange - of course you know yourself better than I do, so I'll leave you to judge that!
According to this meta analysis, which pooled the results of 53 separate studies, people using the transdermal patch were twice as likely to quit smoking as controls, which was better than those using nicotine gum, but not as good as those using a nicotine nasal spray or inhaled nicotine (two systems undergoing testing), who were three times as likely to quit.
2. Is there nothing better than coming home to a professionally-cleaned house?
A cabled network, even though a pain in the arse to build in a country as large and sprawled as Australia (probably the main reason why it hasn't been done yet and can't be done quickly and cheaply) is better than wi-fi.
Acting and plot are better than average in this 1949 B&W movie serial where the hero --called King ... Acting and plot are better than average in this 1949 B&W movie serial where the hero --called King to permit the pun on words of the title-- dons a rocket suit to fly (quite well in fact) and fight against Dr. Vulcan, a bad intentioned scientist whose real identity is unknown until the end.
4   As expressed in Justice Holmes's dissent in the Abrams case, "[t]he ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas-that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market."
3" at 25 yards is not good accuracy from a carbine and you can do much better than that with the gun, but I still found it lacking compared to the Beretta Storm in the same caliber for accuracy.
After checking in, you can chill like a rock star, lounging by the outdoor Nirvana Pool or enjoying the Reliquary Spa's "drumsticks massage," which incorporates tapping with bamboo reeds -- and actually feels much better than, say, getting thumped by Alex Van Halen.
12. Someone who does not like or respect people who belong to races that are different from their own, and who thinks their race is better than others: a ________________.
According to John, this IDE is better than the Google Android plugin for Eclipse, which seems to be the de facto IDE for Android, because it has a few extra features like the generation of boilerplate code to make the developer's life easier, and also graphical tools to manage SQLite databases.
16. Key point 2, revisited: To move from goodintentions to good results, we have to realizethat we may be "living" in the future state,while everyone else is living in the presentPeople will resist change, but not becausethey are being contrary"better the devil you know is better than the devil you don't"
1 - Alexander McQueen [Designer: Sarah Burton] Honestly - it is a hard, difficult and fucking tough thing to step in shoes that are as big as those of a man called Alexander McQueen - a legend and a truly unique character of a designer , but Sarah Burton did it and she did it better than anyone could have done.
3B Joseph Martarano (Fruitland HS, Idaho): plus athlete; football star; plus to plus-plus raw power; quick bat, violent swing but in a good way; early PG comp Mitch Nay; far more nimble and athletic at third than anticipated; raw as hitter, especially in terms of pitch recognition; has been better than I thought in certain aspects of game; BA comp: Mark Trumbo; 6-3, 240 pounds
6 cups water 2 1/2 table spoons of vegetable stock bouillon ( I love Better than Bouillon) 1 cup of chopped carrots 2 cups of chopped mustard greens 2 ears of corn (kernels cut off) 3 medium russet potatoes, cubed 1 1/2 cups of raw cashews 1/2 cup of unsweetened nutmilk 1/2 a large sweet yellow onion
A chance to be the Good Pro Wrestling that's so much better than anything else in the universe.
1997 - "'Even Better Than the Real Thing': polifonía y parodia en la literatura de la insurrección chiapaneca."
3. Maybe I'm in the minority here, but I thought rookie right tackle Kelechi Osemele played a little better than he was given credit for Sunday.
3. The Mavs will have the fan support this year better than they ever have had because they finally lowered the price on their concession stand food-by god that food was expensive $8 for nachos, $6 for a hot dog, and $7-$8 bucks for beer man I can get a 6 pack at the corner store and watch the game on my 19" T.V. (Dont hate the size of my T.V.)
6. Jackson is the last of the primary teenager-aged main characters (although he is played by a 24-year-old), and is the Draco Malfoy to Scott's Harry Potter because he's rich, malicious, and obsessed with being better than Scott at
27a-c that the image quality obtained by the implemented power-minimized resource allocation scheme is quite similar to that obtained by the implemented distortion-minimized resource allocation scheme, but better than the one obtained by the fixed UEP scheme.
A community is better and more valuable for all involved when members work together.
A faller three fences from home in the Cheltenham Gold Cup last spring when seemingly travelling better than the eventual winner, Bobs Worth - whose stamina had yet to kick in - Silviniaco Conti has an early chance of revenge, with Nicky Henderson also letting his champion loose in Lancashire as a first step towards retaining his crown.
[6] measured the noise exposure and hearing thresholds of Chicago Symphony Orchestra musicians and found the sound levels to be at 75-95 dB(A), corresponding to an 8-h daily L eq , and although the musicians' mean hearing thresholds of 59 dB were better than those of an unscreened non-industrial population, 52.5% of the individual musicians showed notched audiograms consistent with NIHL.
2. Marc & Tango: Parker is better than Rice.
[0006] It would be an advantage to have an IL-10 product that is better able to tolerate systemic exposure during treatment, by enhancing the circulating life (delayed clearance), solubility and stability of IL-10, without disrupting the dimeric structure and affecting the activity of IL-10.
"10 Years" is certainly better than the abomination that was "American Reunion," and Linden has a talent for following multiple threads with a loose, improvisatory style, but in the end, this is mostly about watching a lot of pretty people acting naturally.
1) Decorate Your House Better Than The White House: Seriously, there is nothing girly about it.
1. Len - D. He had quite the breast fixation this season, didn't he? 2. CAI - F. Just read Evaine's post, she said it better than I can. 3. Bruno - F- After Season 11's Michael Bolton comment, and this season's comment to Ralph & Karina, it's time for Bruno to go.
Acclaimed as an extraordinarily versatile mid-2000s addition to the Fender bass family, the sleek and fast-playing Fender Deluxe Jaguar Electric Bass Guitar is back and better than ever!
"A computer will always be better than even the most expensive transport, just from the virtue of an endless supply of software," Rankin states.
"3 Layer Tea" F&N Malaysia Agency: Lowe Malaysia Why: With just a common drink, a spoon and some stirring, this illustrates what being a Malaysian means far better than most National Day speeches, parades and corporate propaganda newspaper posters.
5. Fabrics For Curtains: Curtains are mainly about fabrics and some summer fabrics fare better than others when it comes to keeping the sun at bay.
(10 times better than Alan Smith..remember him!?)
Add squash, garlic, salt, pepper, water and Better Than Bouillon no chicken base.
4. John Travolta and Joaquin Phoenix play firefighters in "Ladder 49," which is supposed to be better than "Backdraft," which real firefighters hate (because it's unrealistic).
A 14.5% year-over-year surge in exports was better than double the export gain in June.
1-Kostya tsyu 2-Wladimir klitschko 3- Vitali klitschko 4-Tomasz adamek 5-Lucian bute (hasnt proven it yet but he will be better than all those listed beneath him) 6-Dariusz michalkewski 7-David haye 8-Alexander Povetkin 9-Joe calzaghe 10-Henry Maske
1) Academics - Do you have a professor that changed your life, a study group that's also your best friend group, or did you get to know your corner of the library better than anyone else? Show us how you learned at university, no matter the lessons big or small.
"A City Resilience Index can be an integral part of a more collaborative way of implementing long-term disaster and urban revitalization policy and after Katrina, we can all agree that a city that knows its strengths and weaknesses is better equipped for a speedy recovery," Rowberry and Marshall write.
A few isolated markets such as Long Island, N.Y., and Nashville, Tenn., may see recovery by 2012, faring better than the national trend.
7. Kristin Fontichiaro Ms. Fontichiaro has been sucked into the Maker Movement and Badging, with mixed results in my opinion, but when she talks about school libraries and school library issues, nobody is better.
According to the Kuznets Curve, environmental degradation is greatest in poorer countries, but as income rises, a country is better able to develop its economy with fewer negative impacts on the environment.
46 Thus, those who point to Jesus' teaching in the Sermon on the Mount, that it is better for one not to resist attack out of love for one's enemies (see Mt. 5:38-48), as a clear and convincing argument against a Christian fighting in a war, have not, it seems to me, properly interpreted Jesus' words.
2003(FRESHMAN)-- Set USU record for 39.00-plus scores in a season with 12, breaking former Aggie Christy Denson's mark of nine... All-around scores in 12 of 14 meets were better than 39.000, including 39.500... 2003 average on vault (9.796, fourth), beam (9.775, third), bars (9.798, second), floor (9.805, sixth) and all-around (39.500, fourth) make her the only current Aggie with top-10 averages in all five catagories... Career high 9.950 ties her for second all-time on floor.
10 - Night lights 11 - Jerseys...me supporting Australia of course!!! 12 - Hotel slippers and bathrobes ohhhhh comfy bliss 13 - Smoke Flares..about 7 or so were let off...it was a tie game 0 to 0!! 14 - More KoKo Black...its a serious obsession now...even better than San Churros dare i say!!
100X better than Officer Ricky, Drake, Nicki Minaj, Birdman, The Game, better than Rick Ross!! New york City, hip hop is back!!
3d 1118, 1137 (1990) ("Our legal system is based on the idea that it is better for citizens to resolve their differences in court than to resort to self-help or force.").
According to Al-Jazeera , whose coverage of the protests in Egypt has been notably better than any American outlet's, a team of Egyptians has formed a "human shield" around the national museum, diverting tens of thousands of their countrymen away from the antiquities and back into the massive demonstration in Midan Tahrir square.
2008 enter Pau Gasol and Lamar Kardashian 2009 same team with the exception of Trevor Ariza whos agent thought he was better than he is(worst advice ever) replaced by the robotic artist formally known as Ron Artest...yeah don't really see stacked teams anywhere...good role players with Great center...Gasol is the softest player to ever put a jersy on.
000 FXHW01 KWNH 111206 PMDHI HAWAII EXTENDED FORECAST DISCUSSION NWS WEATHER PREDICTION CENTER COLLEGE PARK MD 705 AM EST THU FEB 11 2016 VALID 00Z FRI FEB 12 2016 - 00Z FRI FEB 19 2016 THE GLOBAL MODELS AND ENSEMBLE GUIDANCE DISPLAY BETTER THAN AVERAGE AGREEMENT AT THE SURFACE AND ALOFT THROUGH NEXT THU.
"A blow job is better than no job," was one of her slogans in the early days of [the sex worker rights organization] COYOTE.
According to data up to the middle of last decade , Malaysia's flag carrier had suffered two fatal crashes in 1.8 million flights-an accident rate better than Air France, KLM, or Swissair at the time.
According to his owner, George the Kat is a massive Breaking Bad fan, so much so, that instead of hunting mice and curling up by the fire like a normal kitteh, George loves nothing better than to don his meth cooking gear and pretend to be drug kingpin/high school chem teacher Walter White.
1967 NFL Championship Game between the Green Bay Packers & Dallas Cowboys - This game is better known as "the ice bowl".
10/27 Pub 340 Vancouver, British Columbia 10/28 Elks Hall Quesnel, British Columbia 10/29 OAP Hall Chilliwack, British Columbia 10/30 Garfinkels Whistler, British Columbia 10/31 Pizza Ricos Prince George, British Columbia 11/1 Better Than Fred's Grande Prairie, Alberta 11/3 TBA Red Deer, Alberta 11/5 Senior's Hall Saskatoon, Saskatchewan 11/5 TBA 19+ Saskatoon, Saskatchewan 11/6 Jam Space Prince Albert, Saskatchewan 11/7 The Albert Winnipeg, Manitoba 11/8 Shooters Kenora, Ontario 11/9 Black Pirates Pub Thunder Bay, Ontario 11/10 TBA Sault Ste.
According to Chevrolet the front-wheel drive four-cylinder model will accelerate to 60 mph in 8.7 seconds and can achieve 22 mpg city and 32 mpg highway - that's better than Ford's Escape Hybrid's highway fuel economy.
0- I made them comp my meal 1- Once was enough 2- Water was the highlight of the meal 3- McDonald's is better 4- Bland, Blah 5- Marginal 6- Worth another visit 7- New Go To 8- Really Like 9- Really LOVE 10-Edible Perfection
1. Broadway - X-15 2. Gladys Knight & The Pips - It's A Better Than Good Time (Walter Gibbons Mix) 3. Kenny Lupper - Passion Flower 4. Sylvester - Over & Over 5. Salsoul Orchestra - Getaway 6.
After doing this project I would say that the k-omega model is better than the standard k-epsilon model, but that the RNG k-epsilon model is better than the Wilcox k-omega model.
About the phishing part, I mentioned iPhone as having the edge here because the Apple approval process is better in this regard of personal contracts, so big level phishing, e.g., me impersonating a big name bank, would be very difficult through app store but Android has already faced this some time back around december/jan..
26/03/2013 David Jones, the co-founder of the charity 'One Young World', and Sir Bob Geldof say that businesses which are socially responsible will do better than those who are not because social media gives the community the ability to sanction organisations which behave badly, unethically or dishonestly.
According to the TOC, she includes stories like "Catskin" by Kelly Link, "The Jaguar Hunter" by Lucius Shepard, "The Manticore Spell" by Jeffrey Ford, "The Puma" by Theodora Goss, "Every Angel is Terrifying" by John Kessel ,"The Manticore's Tale" by Catherynne M Valente, and again stories by John Crowley,Elizabeth Hand, Joyce Carol Oates, Nicholas Royle, Graham Joyce... I'm beginning to think that volume risks being better than the various Fantasy Best Ofs.
52. Graceline Court 106 West 116th Street A condo has sprouted over the roof of Malcolm Shabazz Mosque No. 7. Arguably better than the vacant lot that was there before, but couldn't Graceline Court have a more graceful line?
5 days to go and i may go dirty carnivore as this is so much better than all that rabbit food for lunch.
1907-1919 - Good quality, better than 1888-1891, and better than the period that followed.
36 The Democrats, rather than vigorously pursuing these patently obvious signs of election fraud in 2004, have nearly all decided that being gracious losers is better than being winners, 37 probably because - and this may be the most important reason for the Democrats' relative silence - a full-scale uncovering of the fraud runs the risk of mobilizing and unleashing popular forces that the Democrats find just as threatening as the GOP does.
1 can dark red kidney beans, undrained 1 can cannelini (white kidney beans), undrained 1 can fire-roasted diced tomatoes 1 large can whole, peeled tomatoes packed in puree 1 can corn, drained 4 cups beef broth ( Mine came from 4 tsp of "Better Than Bouillon" beef base and 4 c.
4. K-State is better than its record: After suffering four tough losses, including three in the league, Kansas State finally got its first Big 12 win with an impressive 35-12 pasting of West Virginia.
[ 82 ] The president of the Jane Austen Society of North America noted in an otherwise positive review that the casting of the 2005 leads was "arguably a little more callow than Firth and Ehle" and that "Knightley is better looking than Lizzy should strictly be".
A Better Baseball Game (better than the one on Wii sports I mean) - I think that game will be the Bigs coming out tomorrow!
Actually, cider goes with chocolate a whole lot better than red wine does.
(11:50 AM ET) BOSTON (MarketWatch) -- Shares of Medco Health Solutions MHS gained Wednesday in the wake of a better-than-expected earnings report from Express Scripts Inc. ESRX, +0.66% which is slated to buy Medco for around $29 billion in cash and stock.
4. Tim Lincecum , RHP, Giants 2010 Birthday: 26 on June 15 The winner of back-to-back Cy Young awards, his 2009 year was even better than his 2008, with both his hit and walk rates going down appreciably.
18:1); that it is better to be poor with a clear conscience than to be rich with a guilty one (Prov.
1) A big, long, hot bath with some good bath salts (my favorites are the Neals Yard Lavander Bath Salts ). 2) An episode of Mad Men (it is my absolute favourite show at the moment and there is nothing better than zoning out to a good TV show) and watching it while I am soaking in the hot bath with a face mask on.
1.Turn off your device or phone 2.Press and hold volume down+home+power at the same time but it is better to hold the volume down and home key first then power 3. Release once you see the android icon 4. It will be on the recovery option 5. Navigate using the volume up and volume down keys and Power for ok 6. choose restore factory settings 7. wait for it to be finished and restart the device
1. EVEN BETTER THAN THE REAL THING Recorded at Estadio Azteca, Mexico City, 15th May 2011
A (charging cable included), Electric circuit breaker, Electronics circuit breaker built-in, Fuel tank capacity 1.75 gallonsWeight - 58 lbsVariable engine speed with Econo Throttle (can switch off),Engine Displacement (cc) - high quality 125 cc EPA certified engine1 year warranty Customer Review: Better than I expected I was pleasantly surprised when the generator arrived.
1725 is good but longevity lacks and IB is better compose with the Lavender, violet, grapefruit and it's nice classic Upper ultra luxurious barber shop vibe but not and I mean not worth that kind of cash on either especially IB but that's just my opinion ...I would pay about 80-100 though for either in a FB form....btw my hairstylist gives me this vibe for free everytime I go to the Mens Salon parlor.....
01 Intro 02 Silver Lining 03 Wonderful Life 04 Happiness 05 Blood Tears and Gold 06 Evelyn 07 Sunday 08 Verona 09 Unspoken 10 Mother Nature 11 Devotion 12 Confide in Me 13 Illuminated 14 Stay 15 Gloomy Sunday 16 Better Than Love 17 Wonderful Life video #1 18 Better Than Love video 19 Wonderful Life video #2 20 Stay video 21 Sunday video 22 Illuminated video 23 Blood, Tears & Gold video
4. Quality of private schools is better than public schools: unfortunately the evidence works against that.
6. Avoid companies that are offering you a rate the same as the "interbank" market rate or better than it.
Acacia Hostel is a value for money in a great location, it is not the Ritz but the friendly professional team is worth a million dollars it is a home away from home, It is clean and functional , the upstairs dorms are better than the basement ones.
1. New England is an outlier in the plays per fumbles lost metric, performing far better than any other team (1.8x above league average).
A big advantage for your team is that it would have an owner, GM, and HC better than half of the NFL teams, so maybe my gut is under-estimating how much they could do with the talent available.
2 Sven Hasselbach    11/14/2012 20:21:00    MYTHBUSTING Outlook IS NOT better than Lotus Notes, pt 10: I'm so dumb, I don't know how to handle groups
18: MDS is not saying that Damon Huard has always been better than Trent Green, he is saying that in 2007 the 34-year old Damon Huard (who played like the Pro Bowl-selected Marc Bulger for half a season the previous year) will be better than the 37-year-old Trent Green (who played like Jon Kitna, Matt Leinart, Jason Campbell, and/or Kurt Warner, even with adjustments for the better pass defenses Green played against, for half a season after suffering a major concussion in the first game of that season).
According to its analysis, MTU's operating earnings yield of 19.9% is better than 98% of other companies in their stock universe.
2.] What are the companies producing the products?? 3.] Does it seem sensible to begin studying all the identifiable "metro" companies, or are there 2 or 3 that stand far enough better than others that it would be reasonable to narrow study to these 3:
100% serious, the 5.4 in the GT sounds better than the w16 in the bugatti ------------------ 2006 Mercedes Benz SLK 350 2008 Mercedes Benz ML 350 4Matic 2012 Mercedes Benz E550 Cabriolet 2012 Ford Focus SEL
01: Celebrity Deathmatch: Bigger And Better Than Ever! 02: The Changing Of The Guard 03: Sibling Slaughterhouse 04: Shaq vs. Kobe 05: Night of Comedy Comeback 06: Stand-up vs. Smack Down 07: When Animals Attack 08: Season Finale
A donor might be a match for a kidney transplant but the odds of a match are no better than with a stranger.
A 2010 meta-analysis of virtual education conducted by the U.S. Department of Education, drawn mostly from studies focused on higher education, concluded that "students in online learning conditions performed modestly better than those receiving face-to-face instruction."
2. American University (a steadily declining reputation and high cost and student debt puts it ahead of Catholic U - decision lies with a parent college); 3. Catholic University, Columbus law school (despite a good local reputation for its graduates, better than American in fact, it will struggle if GW and Georgetown start making big offers to secure students, but it has wealthy donors) 4.
[04:38] OK : ) [04:39] I just need to make the top floor now! [04:41] Clone Natta56 has been talking to you alot [04:41] who? [04:41] who? [04:41] Natta56 [04:42] [[User: Natta56]] [04:42] he hasn't been on today, I don't think [04:42] whats with this bot mythrun has gone to far [04:43] Clone do you know natta [04:43] no [04:43] never heard of them [04:46] I think I'm building better than I ever had before.
A correctly scaled Sun Vulcan, Dynaman or Goggle V would of sold much better than two non Gattai robots from the 1970's.I believe they wanted to release them in order and when the first two didn't do to well they stopped it.
[0160] In the near field 2236 the spacings A EW of the groups of heliostats are constant in the east-west direction and set up with the maximum reflector surface density ρ max , as is better seen from the magnified cutout of the plan view of the near field in FIG.
About how he starts drawing the map of japan on the epilogue, i couldn't figure out what was his true intention, but i guess it is better developed in the light novel (as well as Houou's and emonzaemon backstory).
7 Reasons Why The Bundesliga Is Better Than The EPL (Bundesliga Talk) Champions League Group Previews: Group A and Group B (Champions [...]
12oz can brought back from CR by my wife Appearance: Clear straw/yellow with a huge white head and some lacing Aroma: Pale malts, grainy and bready Taste: Thin mouthfeel of malts, citrus and light metallic flavor that lingers OK, better than some worse than others........
After 2 years of a very low dosage, in the morning only - so as not to interfere with my sleep (sleep apnea) my own testosterone is back, my bladder is better and I do have more physical energy.
285g Regular firm tofu 1 Tablespoon coconut oil (or a drizzle of olive oil - coconut is better) 2 Tomatoes (or a handful of cherry tomatoes) 2 Big handfuls of baby spinach 1/2 Brown onion (or red if you fancy) ½ Small red pepper Pinch of turmeric Freshly ground black pepper Himalayan/Sea salt A little basil
1  Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel came! 2  Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms?
4. Cinnamon : Researchers at the United States Department of Agriculture showed that a quarter to one teaspoon of cinnamon with food helps metabolize sugar up to twenty times better than food not eaten with cinnamon.
1A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.
After allowing three straight opponents to shoot better than 50 percent from the field in early February, Michigan State is holding opponents to .395
1. yumex - Powerful yum GUI but shows only latest version of packages 2. guyum - yum GUI with no uninstall option (Launcher needs ".sh" as suffix to work out of box) 3. krusader - Total Commander like file manager (plnet version is better, icon is fixed) 4. fuse-ntfs-3g - NTFS read/write kernel module package 5. webmin - web based config tool (I am sure you use it, but you should have mention it when you wrote about setting up firewall.
1: the women this program reaches out to, as autonomous agents, are being demeaned by the program's insistence that it knows better than they do whether they ought to be mothers;
A close, hard fought victory where yeu came out just a little ahead because yeu were a better player, feels so much better than one where yeu right clicked and went afk.
A billion or so from DL on top of what US has could be all that is necessary to convince the creditors committee that getting that money NOW would be better than getting nothing should the union/management fight bring the whole airline to a stop, by which time all the creditors committee could hope to get is a few pennies from a fire sale.
135 missions since April 1981 isn't bad, it is better than Soyuz manned-mission counts in the same timeframe: Soyuz T(16), Soyuz TM (34) and Soyuz TMA (21).
After getting dark adapted, I checked the naked eye limiting magnitude, using charts of Ursa Minor and Cygnus, and it was better than 6.5!
3 Second, patients with mental illness are less likely to be prescribed certain treatments including hepatitis C virus (HCV) therapy and highly-active antiretroviral therapy ( HAART ) in many settings, 4 despite new data suggesting that patients with mental illness who receive treatment for the mental illness achieve HIV clinical outcomes equal to or better than HIV-infected control patients without mental illness.
Affliction's ability to burst and take advantage of opening pull snapshots with hero is significantly better than demo without the trinket to snapshot high hasted crit Dooms.
2) Michael Cricton uses real numbers and statistics to argue his points, which is a lot better than what you can say for most global warming sites.
3. A large group of crows landing in the backyard of the home of one of your charges is better entertainment than front row seats to The Lion King on Broadway.
3rdculturechilren is not your regular run of the mill blog....it's multi-faceted...it's a cultural trip to every destination the family has been posted, it's a stress reliever when it offers readers a glimpse of family life, it's informative when it raises a topic and discusses it and for those of us out there who need a respite from the travails of life in general it's like a hot-towel to wipe our faces with and refresh ourselves, leaving us feeling better than we felt when we arrived.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter was better than i expected.
According to Libby we need to take action to protect the environment: "It's up to us-up to all of us-to change the world so every time we look around, we recognize those basic principles of life...I want to talk about our shared responsibility to leave this place better than we found it.
Abdullah Jr has no idea of either the problem or the solution, and he comes off only slightly better than the other great hope in the valley, Mehbooba Mufti, and that by virtue of pledging his troth to India, while the latter keeps her options eternally open.
1st ep was good, better than I thought except some middle-aged man's face everywhere.
After all, freedom, while obviously better than slavery, did not insure that the rent was paid and that there was food on the table.
7. For all our fathers, in hope of the Resurrection and the quickening of the dead, were looking forward and hastening; as the blessed Apostle said, If the righteous had been looking forward to that city from which Abraham went forth, they would have had an opportunity of again turning back and to it; but they showed that they were looking forward to one better than it, namely that which is in heaven .
16 Some years ago The Daily Chronicle proved that though the general standard of living is lower in Germany and in France than in England; yet the prison food in France and especially in Germany is far better than in England and the treatment of the prisoners far more humane.
1. Derrick Rose 2. Deron Williams 3. Chris Paul (Probably better than Rose or Williams but he gets dominated regularly by strong point guards.)
7. In one of his conversations with Leon Smalls, Ball asks Smalls if it is better to talk about the past and get it out in the open, or keep things in the past and let them rest (p.
200,000,000,000,000 commandos would still win (read pro log in the fall of reach, and the first strike) Sorry, bcw81, but commandos are way better than grunts.
2002 comes closest to confirming what you said - no one in the top ten at the end had shot better than 70 on Sunday and Tiger lead with ease all the way through.
According to Techcrunch - which revealed the upcoming announcement - the new application will be better than Google Sky.
1. Through three innings, Justin Masterson was better than ever, throwing 27 pitches and retiring seven of the nine Blue Jays on infield outs.
1966 Chevrolet Corvette   Stk#077 1966 Chevy Corvette RoadsterPainted the original Marina Blue BC/CC color this Corvette is a complete frame off build and looks better than new.
(98.536 mph) in the BMW M3 that he will share with Tommy Milner was 0.323 seconds better than Darren Law in the first of Flying Lizard Motorsports' two Porsche 911 GT3 RSRs.
#6 pick probably won't be that much better than 7-22?
10:00 - 11:15 Bear Derby, Frank Mills, Midnight Society If you want to know what this improv thing is all about, you couldn't do better than the Frank Mills and Midnight Society, two multiple-time B. Iden Payne nominated improv troupes who have been holding down our prime time slot for years.
1.2-1.5 metres I'm hearing for your area, for stable all day reception - you are right on the edge where the signal drops rapidly every mile you move away from the spotbeam - complicated by the fact that the spotbeam does appear to wobble slightly, meaning reception is better during the day than in the evening.
"About this time some members of the party who had given up hope in political action for quite a while coined the term Mass Action, and this term was taken up as showing a method better than political action," Garver adds, noting that this idea appealed to the federationists, who secretly named a slate in the elections for party  office and voted for it en bloc.
75% A budget laptop with touch, and a few trade-offs Source: CNet After bemoaning the lack of laptops at any price with both a touch screen and discrete graphics, HP turns up with something that gets my attention.With a great design for the price and some better-than-expected graphics power, the HP Pavilion TouchSmart 15z-b000 Sleekbook may be worth overlooking its shortcomings if you're on a tight budget.
[ 108 ] [ 109 ] Although Stronger became Clarkson's lowest first-week total after All I Ever Wanted , which debuted with 255,000 copies in 2009; week-to-week commercial performance of Stronger was better than its predecessor.
150. 2. Debt Equity Ratio Debt Equity Ratio Year 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 Square 0.4072 0.2965 0.3287 0.5092 0.4301 Ibn Sina 1.1103 1.3280 1.8044 1.7224 1.3552 Ambee 0.7899 0.7982 4.1169 0.834 0.8329 Beximco 0.3448 0.3380 0.8273 0.4181 0.4487 Renata 0.9430 0.7272 0.7448 0.9025 0.6867 Analysis: In this analysis, we see that the Debt Equity Ratio in the year on 2011,2010,2009,2008 and 2007 the Ibn Sina pharmaceutical company is better than other companies (square, Ambee, Beximco and Renata pharmaceutical).
A Cycle Sensor is better than a low-pressure kill switch, especially when you have a large pressure tank.
A frontier somewhat better than that which had been offered to Leopold was granted to the new sovereign, but neither Crete, Thessaly, nor Epirus was included within his kingdom.
15. Górski, L'Ordine teutonico, 16-18, suggests that Hermann von Salza was of insignificant ancestry and therefore suffered from the mockery of his betters; to prove himself equal or better than them, he became an empire builder.
"After a sizzling day in the sun, there is nothing better than a cool summer night.
3. Modern cars (and roads) are also much better than they used to be, so I would expect drivers to drive faster (and more safely) in 2010 than in 1970 or 1920, but this extra speed does require more training, less tolerance for distractions (texting while driving) and it makes lane-discipline all the more important.
1. when installing well line (from house to well) bigger is better.
2 of my all-time favorite bands playing outside on a hot summer night... it's hard to get much better than that.
A Conservative party led by someone of the calibre of Harold Macmillan (a toff, certainly, but one who had lived through wars and depressions and was keen that no-one should suffer that kind of deprivation again) might fare considerably better than the C. party of today.
96. R. G. Wilkinson and K. E. Pickett, 'The Problems of Relative Deprivation: Why Some Societies Do Better Than Others', Social Science & Medicine , 2007, 65, 1965-78.
50/50 Challenge: Last weekend I saw  John Carter  (fun, and better than I expected), as well as Guy Ritchie's  RocknRolla , starring Gerard Butler, Tom Hardy, Thandie Newton, and a host of other amazing actors (abso-freaking-lutely awesome).
3.3 GHz inbuilt clock speed, more than 7 mb cache, 80 W power, 45 nm manu tech etc.... Grab it guys, far better than i5
Afterall, he is better qualified, look up his senate record for the laws he has written.
450 Overall 1. Ryan Dungey (2-1) Suz 2. Ryan Villopoto (3-2) Kaw 3. Trey Canard (5-3) Hon- Canard made his return this weekend and to be honest, he was better than I thought he would be.
1) The only deal in there that's better than Bynum/Odom is Westbrook/Ibaka.
225 Miss Delano, "is about as comfortable as the memento mori of the ancients," "The Pompeian loaves," said Clara, anxious to avoid any more unpleasant words between Albert and Char- lotte, having been toasted to a cinder, some two thou- sand years ago, would make a sorry toast, even if stale bread is better than fresh."
1. Speed--especially in navigating/launching apps this phone is hands down the fastest I've seen, and although the browser on something like the Nexus Prime is probably slightly faster this one is up there with the best and much better than BlackBerries of the past
12:18 am             booksbelow:             RT @janeespenson: @GinySassenach I picked TV over film because I like novels better than short stories.
After driving on Highway 1 north of San Francisco I have found that, in fact, the exact opposite is true - their Department Of Transportation is just way better than ours.
3) Either way, doing better than the nearby guy in the leather jacket who's using his time to type this blog entry!
A fit torres would have been a better solo man up front at the start of the latter matches, when the games began tight and the opposition pressed spain, his phisicality is better.
09.02.2012 [NJCU Athletics] - Leading by one at halftime, NJCU outscored the hosts 38-22 in the second half, shooting better than 52 percent for the game as the Knights claimed sole possession of second place in the New Jersey Athletic Conference North Division with a crucial 76-59
11/25/2014 , Whenever a new race is introduced to the game, Blizzard has tried to make it look better than the current models in terms of its texture, but with Warlords of Draenor, Blizzard introduced some major updates in a bid to make all of their class models look...
_ 3: Finland: Better than Sweden.
2. Jennings Showcases Poll on How Iraqis Say They'll Be Better Off ABC's Peter Jennings on Wednesday night, but not CBS's Dan Rather or NBC's Tom Brokaw, highlighted a Gallup poll of people in Baghdad which found that 62 percent think that getting rid of Saddam Hussein was "worth the personal hardship" they endured and, that though 94 percent see Baghdad as less safe than before the war, 67 percent believe that in five years the nation will be better than it was under Saddam Hussein.
Abu Hurairah said: "The Messenger of Allah said: 'if one of you were to carry a bundle of firewood on his back and sell it, that would be better than asking a man who may or may not give him something."'
3. There is nothing better than being at home, turning on ESPN, watching college football, basketball, Ellen, etc.
According to "dongeuibogam," a medical textbook written by the royal Doctor Heo Jun in the early 17th century, foods and liquors protect the body better than medicine and it emphasizes the importance of good food and drink.
500' - understood better than anyone the spirit and challenge of the Indianapolis 500 and had a remarkable ability to combine innovative technologies with talented race car drivers to make his cars a threat to win at Indianapolis every year,'' Indianapolis Motor Speedway President J. Douglas Boles said in a statement.
After breaking off, I decided a fast death was better than a slow one, and I disappeared into the heart of darkness.
12) ... after being elevated to the starting lineup, Dragovic shot 43.8 percent (49-for-112) from three-point range, which was better than what he was shooting when coming off the bench (.244, 11-for-45) ... additionally, he averaged 5.8 points per game when coming off the bench and averaged 11.6 points per game as a starter (244 points in 21 games) ... in Pac-10 play, he ranked 6th in league games in three-pointers made (2.4 per game), 8th in three-point field goal percentage (.440,
1) The prophet may make mistakes, but the prophet is surely much more inspired than I, so I will follow him and believe what he believes because he is not only God's representative, but so doing is better than relying on my own insight.
3) The good from this week:  U.S. construction spending better than expected.
(9 p.m. Thursday, KNSD/Channel 39, Cable 7) MTV GOES BROADWAY Whatâ€™s better than a Broadway musical inspired by a Green Day album?
4. Atlanta Braves Last Year's Ranking: 8 Why They Might Be Better Than This: Jason Heyward and Tommy Hanson are the top hitting and pitching prospect pair in all of baseball; Jordan Schafer is looking nearly big-league ready this spring; the system has dozens of intriguing young arms.
A determination in advance of what functions count as non-essential and under what circumstances such a determination is valid would help facilitate an orderly transition to different threat conditions, and would be much better than an approach that calls for dropping all functionality and restoring only those functions that people using the system at the time complain about losing.
(Actually, even with the quote tags, you get the long line and the 'elevator' and even that is more readable than the 'straight text' version; the code tags version is better, and splitting into individual commands is better, for readability.)
[138] To be sure, the president of the National Academy of Sciences testified in 2006 before the U.S. House of Representatives that "we understand the mechanisms of CO 2 and climate better than we do of what causes lung cancer . . . .
Add in a strong run game, a better-than-expected offensive line and the resurgence of Eddie Royal, and you have an offense that's been dangerous at times.
4 :38 PM I am not a grouser, but I had hoped for better than this -- first, because a mere listing of names accomplishes nothing, and second, because it takes a great deal of mental gymnastics to associate a John Howard Yoder with a Thomas Müntzer.
a chance to play with a healthy d.rose (maybe), noah (whose shown he can run the team himself), and a cast of very good role players sounds way better than anything NY has.. unless NY can make some decent moves this summer.
39) Jonathan Swift is addressing -- who in this world would want someone to do better than us.
2. -- The economic calendar in the U.S. Friday includes the Producer Price Index for May at 8:30 a.m. EDT, industrial production and capacity utilization for May at 9:15 a.m., and the University of Michigan sentiment index for June at 9:55 a.m. 3. -- Major U.S. stock markets rose Thursday on better-than-expected consumer spending and labor market reports which offset concern the Federal Reserve may curb its monetary stimulus program.
Actually, anyone holding a non-bolivar fiat did just as well, and given yesterday's price action plus any spread on buying/selling gold or silver, the non-bolivar fiat holders did better than PM holders.
Actually, the cabin was very clean and not as bad as it could have been and, after their repast, the Indian couple introduced themselves as Lalan and Kusum Chaudary - they turned out to be delightful company, entertaining us with tales of their life and travels around India and made the journey so much better than it could've been.
1. Odds are that you'll say that Grant, Ibeabuchi, and Rahman are better than the guys Louis beat...well, the rankings don't vary from era to era, so you're already assuming that Marciano's period was inferior.
9. 2014 Toyota Corolla LE Plus : D+ The Corolla doesn't feel as clumsy or lethargic or the Sentra and its steering is a little better than the Forte's, but there are plenty of better choices for the driving enthusiast.
8. some agile ux collaboration over documentationvalues iteration over up-front perfection more is not better, better is better it's not done until it's usable and brings value to the business
1 hour fishing in the right place is better than 48 hours fishing in the wrong one.
9:30 p.m. - "Let the Right One In" (2008), a Swedish film by Tomas Alfredson about a youthful vampire, which Ebert describes as "much, much better" than the similarly themed "Twilight" that pulled millions into theaters.
1:47 And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne.
1.I am an XBL player 2.Playstaion players do deserve the love form Bungie 3.We xbox players had 10 years of love from Bungie 4. Playstation is better than Xbox IN SOME WAYS 5. Xbox is better than Playstation IN SOME WAYS 6.
Aaron was held in a New York dungeon called the "Sugar House" which was but little better than the Jersey, where yet a third son, Andrew, may have died.
Actually with all the RPGs out right now it's hard to say which is better so we'll just say a combo of all the ones that have come out recently(Xenosaga, Dark Cloud 2, Breath of Fire) and a couple that have been out(Final Fantasy X, Wild Arms 3).
18 On 3 January, he told the Japanese Ambassador, General Hirosi Oshima, that he did not contemplate any more offensives in the center of the German front in the Soviet Union but would concentrate on the south, the Caucasus, "as soon as the weather is better."
Acalanes' Elizabeth Schultz was second with a 74, two strokes better than Riley.
A 29-year-old native of Embrun, Ont., St. Pierre has averaged better than a point per game over his AHL career, amassing 139 goals and 361 assists in 475 games with the Edmonton Road Runners (2004-05), Norfolk Admirals (2005-07), Rockford IceHogs (2007-08, 2012- ), Providence Bruins (2008-09), Binghamton Senators (2009-10) and Springfield Falcons (2011-12).
1. led lighting source, green and energy saving; 2. Die-cast aluminum body and PC diffuser; 3. Anti-glare design: against dizzy light; 4. Microwave sensor, better than PIR sensor in detecting; 5.
(Adds president's comments, details) By Chang-Ran Kim, Asia auto correspondent TOKYO, April 27 (Reuters) - Mitsubishi Motors Corp. on Thursday posted better-than-expected annual results, scoring an operating profit for the first time in three years, but stuck to its earnings targets for the next two years as it struggles to restore its key U.S. business.
[4] The lesson Mencius and the Chinese people learned from the story of Yǚ was that in all things it is better to give forces a way to get out that will not cause harm, and that damming forces up will always be bad in the long run.
1. Michigan (7-1): The second year under Brady Hoke could be better than the surprising first if lightning-quick quarterback Denard Robinson stays healthy.
16. Always respect your opponent and learn from your opponent because they might be better than you-if not now, later.
6. "Quite obviously, whichever side is better able to lessen their perceived weaknesses while highlighting their image strengths will likely wind up in the White House come January 2009."
[ 10 ] :142-144 [ 12 ] :29 The food was similar to that used for Apollo, but canned for preservation; [ 11 ] the crew found it to be better than that of Apollo but still unsatisfying, partially due to food tasting different in space than on Earth.
5 - If you cannot be patient in keeping her and treating her kindly, and you cannot take a second wife, or she refuses to reconcile, then you have nothing but the final option, which is to divorce her and part from her in a kind manner, and give her her rights in full, and perhaps Allaah will choose someone better for you than her, and will choose someone better than you for her.
80's-90's hates from a Philly fan. 1. Michael Jordan 2. Wayne Gretzky 3. Any and all Dallas Cowboys 4. New Jersey Devils 4. They were never better than the Flyers, but always beat them.
According to Golabchi, nothing is better than a sheep hunt, and a Marco Polo hunt in Tajikistan is tops.
2/2 Molten Fury is far, far better than two points in Playing with Fire.
( 30 ) In simulations conducted as part of the RT-TRACS program (now called ACS), RHODES was found to increase throughput and reduce delay on the test network and, hence, performed better than the fixed-timing plan generated from TRANSYT-7F. ( 31-33 ) The advent of sensors that can be used to measure turning movements and travel times on links will expand the application of algorithms used in traffic adaptive systems.
6. Explore every major imported item, and ask ourselves why it is better to import it from the other side of the world, bearing in mind the transport costs and the time lag meaning increased stockholding---make "localisation" the buzz word rather than "globalisation"!
A 0-62 mph time of 4.3 seconds is actually a little quicker than the Wraith and the top speed of 200 mph is better than you'll get out of the two-door Rolls Royce as it's electronically limited to 155 mph.
5. Our most popular annual programs-Kite Flight, Summer Solstice, and Halloween Harvest-returned, bigger and better than ever, to the delight of park visitors
1. Pre rigged ballyhoo are alot more expensive per dozen 2. I can rig a ballyhoo just as good if not better than any pre rigged ballyhoo (for half the cost) 3. Fishing just wouldn't be the same if I didn't spend all the time to get my lures and rigs ready, it just wouldn't feel right if I did not spend an hour rigging my ballyhoo the night before.
151/2 hands high; weight 1100 pounds; age 6 years; trots in better than 3 minutes; sound and gentle; afraid of nothing; price $150; also 2 colts, 4 and 5 years old: broken to harness; Antevolo- Echo stock ; will be sold cheap.
3. Has anyone told you that this recovery is better from an employment standpoint than the previous one?
1 white boy biting Ghost, and another just singing and dancing who happens to identify with ahem.. "Black culture" better than you.
5.0 out of 5 stars Totally Great 10 Oct 2013 Having read the first in the series, Naked Hero - The Journey Away,I was expecting to be disappointed by this sequel.This book, I can honestly say, is even better than the first.
17 L.A. Restaurants Open on Thanksgiving That Are Better Than Mom's Cooking
2 chapters remaining this month, can't wait, but for some reason i feel the story is better when we don't know who Tobi is.
(After all, isn't a supernova better than a nova?
1. Exciter 2. White Heat, Red Hot 3. Better by You, Better Than Me 4. Stained Class 5. Invaders 6. Saints In Hell 7. Savage 8. Beyond The Realms Of Death 9. Hero's End 10.
1. Why do we have a system that trumpets 'personalised learning', 'Every Child Matters' and the diversity of society, and then insists that each cohort must do better than the last in public examinations?
After ending the first half 1-1, Pima came into the second half of the game looking better than ever taking control of the game and ultimately clinched the victory.
2. Ask for a Holter (24hr recording), the echo is better but the Holter provides complementary info to be used in conjunction with the echo 3.
[ 2 ] An unsigned tribute published on the Gramophone website in February 2011 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Grainger's death opined that "though he would never be put on a pedestal to join the pantheon of immortals, he is unorthodox, original and deserves better than to be dismissed by the more snooty arbiters of musical taste".
2) It gives a slight instant colour as well as building up colour over a few hours (the minimum recommendation to leave it on for is 3 hours but from experience I would suggest a bit longer, or even overnight, is better).
12:9); (2) that creationism preserves the idea of the soul as a simple, indivisible substance better than traducianism, which requires the idea of the division of the soul and its derivation from the parents; and (3) that it makes more credible Christ's retention of a pure soul than does traducianism.
1. Provides better support 2. Can feel the muscles working more 3. Can help place more focus on the target muscles Some will try to argue that it will harm the wrists, or that it does not recruit the muscle fibres any better than a normal grip.
A deluge a few hours before kick-off left the San Siro pitch resembling a bog, but Meazza, who knew this ground better than anybody on the Italian team, made light of the conditions to book his country's place in the final.
According to Florence Hogan, granddaughter of Patrick L., as told to Jim Gallery, "When Patrick and his family arrived he liked the farm by the High Bridge better than the one that James had purchased for him, and some kind of swap was made.
Adenocystic carcinoma is also a specific neoplasm that, in the skin, is better known as mucinous carcinoma, and in the breast , as colloid carcinoma.
... A bit astringent," while none of the light beers fared better than a "good" ranking, in order of preference: Miller Lite, Bud Light and Coors Light.
1. Same answer as Debby, more or less; I suppose it's better than the alternative, namely admitting that this state of feeling slightly run down, possibly about to come down with something but never ill enough to take time off work, is actually normal and permanent.
1. Special Valentine's Day Feature: Culinary Couples No one knows how to sustain a working and romantic relationship better than the culinary couples of Equinox, The Polo Grill, and Röckenwagner.
$2000 is a high budget, bear in mind a $2000 PC will be overkill for just Diablo III, but if money isn't an issue then there's nothing better than gaming on a high end rig.
After 8 months, we still can't get enough of each other and have yet to have our first tiff...it does not get better than this and we thank God everyday for this gift of love and happiness.
A few drawn from the independent farmer class were splendid all-around men and better than any Indian.
2nd who better than Nas to sacrifice his career for all you smart dumb cats.
Abortion care was excluded from the Health Care Reform plan long before it was voted on, and the House of Representatives is dominated by members who would like nothing better than to make abortion illegal again by overturning Roe v. Wade .
1. ACSM Fitness Book (2nd Edition):- - American College of Sports Medicine knows information about exercise better than many other institutes.
Activision Blizzard reported a better-than-expected $15 million profit during the third quarter, helped by the release of titles including "Guitar Hero 5," "Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2" and "World of Warcraft."
After a season's worth of anticipation leading the New England Patriots dynasty down to the Metrodome to play the New Orleans Saints , we finally can say with full confidence: Drew Brees and the Saints are better than Tom Brady and the Patriots .
6126 Some love's better than no love at all; w & melody © 1 c.
1) Can't carry in a post office (at least in KA) 2) Show me proof of where an exposed gun makes someone a "crime magnet" 3) How would a concealed firearm be any better than an exposed firearm in the given "5'" scenario?
7. What's something that made you laugh so hard you started crying? it didn't make me cry, but watching the end of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle 3 ( the live action one, which way better than the new CGI film) where the bad guy fail and clips though the ocean, me and my friend just laugh are heads off
192, 352.8, & 384 kHz / 16, 24, 32 bit Native DSD Decoding 2.822, 3.072, 5.644, 6.144 MHz / 1 bit Analog Output Stage Pure Class A Line Level Out THD+N better than 0.005% SNR 110dB (unweighted) 115dB (A-weighted) Jitter Removal Technology Patent Pending: 3L buffer by Light Harmonic Dual loop re-clock for all digital audio inputs
1. Linger - Jonatha Brooke 2. Short Skirt, Long Jacket - Cake 3. Recognize - Better Than Ezra 4. The Middle - JImmy Eat World 5. Rest Of The Day Off - Neil Finn 6. Bubble Toes - Jack Johnson 7. Don't Be Sad - Whiskeytown 8. You've Got To Hide Your Love Away - Eddie Vedder (Eddie was commissioned to do the version by Sean Penn for the film "I Am Sam") 9. Someday - The Strokes
2. Include plenty of supporting details for your story, the more specific the details the better. in other words, 'twenty people were stranded' is better than 'many people were stranded.' 3. Use more than one quotation and make sure that the quotation counts.
Adnan Khideir, a 42-year-old retired Sunni official, agreed: "The state must rebuild the town, especially now that the security situation is better."
4. No one in Washington (with the possible exception of South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham ) better understands the give and take between politics and policy better than Emanuel.
7 - Carolina Hurricanes - Kasperi Kapanen - W New Hurricanes GM Ron Francis will likely be looking to make a splash, and who better than former teammate Sami Kapanen's hotshot son?
1406 G Street Phone Mala 750& HOMEMADE CANDY Our Candles are much better than the factory kind.
1999 All About My Mother Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me Being John Malkovich Better Than Chocolate Bicentennial Man Blast From the Past Boys Don't Cry Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo Flawless Heaven Muppets From Space Surrender Dorothy Terror Firmer That's The Way I Like It The Adventures of Sebastian Cole The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc The Out-of-Towners Those Who Love Me Can Take the Train Universal Soldier: The Return Wild Wild West
7. It is generally recommended that a child with acute streptococcal pharyngitis can return to school: a. when sore throat is better.
4) Jarrett Jack -- Love his size, and his career assist-to-turnover ratio is about 1.6:1, clearly better than the 1.3:1 mark he posted this year.
9)david- bejoy nambiar's next with tabu,vikram,neil 10)special chhabbis- neeraj pandey returns with a heist film toplining akki 11)hate story- yes, i have liked the promo and gulshan deviah is terrific 12)mohalla assi- sunny as a banarsi pundit, should be sumthing to watch out for 13)shanghai- abhay,kalki and emraan under dibakar 14)inkaar- sudhir mishra is one of my fav 15)matru ki bijli ka mandola- they don't make it much better than bharadwaj 16)go goa gone(khemu, dir-raj and d.k.)- a zombie comedy
1.21 gigawatts?! Interesting method of space travel, I bet some Trekkies are going to use this as the tiebreaker between what is better: Star Wars or Star Trek.
1-14 oz package firm silken tofu 1-8 oz package Better than Cream Cheese 2/3 cup sugar ¼ cup lemon juice ½ tsp almond extract 2 tbsp cornstarch 1-9 inch pie crust
02:09 what 02:09 COMBUSTABLE LEMONS 02:09 Dayum 02:09 (cheese) 02:09 OMFG 02:09 90 02:09 What chu want beesh 02:09 MANgos 02:09 PORTAL 02:09 OFNMHN 02:09 oh my god 02:09 that worked out much better than I 02:09 did something go on when I was gone?
0.19% 3.050 US CRUDE 93.06 0.24% 0.220 DOW JONES 13880.62 -0.34% -46.92 ASIA ADRS 134.47 -1.57% -2.14 ------------------------------------------------------------- GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares, euro tumble on economic concerns, Italy vote SE ASIA STOCKS-Mostly down on Fed QE woes; Jakarta off record close STOCKS TO WATCH -- WILMAR INTERNATIONAL LTD, NOBLE GROUP LTD - Singapore's Wilmar International Ltd announced a better-than-expected fourth-quarter net profit and a joint venture with fellow commodities firm Noble Group Ltd for Papua-focused palm projects.
86% A better-than-HD hybrid for less Source: CNet The all-around best-in-class example of a first-generation Windows 8 hybrid was the Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga, a clever fold-back laptop-turned-tablet that was almost universally liked in both its 13-inch and 11-inch versions.
Additionally, if control systems fail in a manned aircraft, a well-trained pilot is better positioned to find the source of the problem because of his/her physical proximity.
A country might have a small population, but as long as it has an innovative potential, good education system, little beaurocracy, no corruption and a "healthy" demographic structure, it might be prepared for future challenges much better than a country with a high birth rate and the tendency to waste its human potential.
1. Price - about $155.00 more 2. AF-S (Silent Wave Motor) should translate to faster and quieter focusing 3. "G" type rather than "D" type lens (no aperature ring which means it will have limited use on most film bodies with the exception of the F-6 and maybe some others) 4. Allegedly improved optical performance resulting from new design and coatings 5. Nine-blade aperature (better than the older version)
2. Ur stratagy might work better than mine I love this game, i hope that there will be a #4 after im done giving this a review im gunna play all 3 episodes just for the hell of it.
1:19  "If it please the king, let a royal commandment go from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, so that it cannot be altered, that Vashti may never again come before King Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate to another who is better than she.
1. Analyze competitive offerings and industry trends to ensure Cole Taylor has a competitive product set with 'equal to or better than' feature functionality for assigned Commercial Cash Management products.
(2) While we see flattish Infrastructure CapEx for 2013, we see a mix shift towards equipment and expect a recovery of spending especially in developed economies - XLNX has 46% exposure to Wireless/line Infrastructure and is better exposed to developed markets.
Add them to returning runners Kendra Schaaf, Mel Lawrence, Christine Babcock, Lauren Saylor (who didn't run in the '09 NCAA, but ran on the '08 national championship squad), Kayla Evans, Lindsay Flanagan, and Kailey Campbell, and you potentially have a team that may be better than the '08 NCAA champs.
2.2 will be on the EVO shortly, Videos look MUCH better than iphone, especially while enjoying them in HQ, loads a video in about 5 seconds or less, has a bigger screen with faster response than the iphone, has better battery life than the ipod touch and iphone when using it the way it was intended, and 200k apps on the apple store means about 20 that are actually useful, about the same as the android app store.
01 Long Stick 02 Hallelujah Rock'n'Roll 03 Go Baby Go 04 AM Woman 05 Tokio Nights 06 Fire 07 Rock City Better Than Sex Doeg Song 08 Screaming In The Night 09 Hellraiser 10 Bedside Radio 11 Easy Rocker 12 Heatstrokes 13 Live For The Action 14 Hoodoo Woman less
14 year old lolita I can suck that cock better than she does lolita child fuck movies Yes love these hot girls MMM
A closer comparison might be with The Prince by Niccolò Machiavelli, whose series of reflections on power and destiny are pithily expressed, such as in the famous dictum for a prince that it is 'better to be feared than loved'.
2005 Jaffurs Santa Barbara County Grenache ($28) Craig Jaffurs is better known for his Syrah, but here he has taken on the other great Rhone grape, and coaxed impressive berry and nutmeg and toasted spice flavors out of his fruit.
4. The Clarendon street fest featuring a spinning class to flog health club memberships (it was better than milling crowds). 5.
About Blue Diamond® "No one knows almonds as well as Blue Diamond does and no one knows how to grow them better than the 3,000 California almond growers who make up the Blue Diamond Growers cooperative.
05/04/2009 17:36:04 â€¹Balanceâ€º It's sort of the audio-imagination countarpart to a visionboard with a similar purpose 05/04/2009 17:38:28 â€¹Balanceâ€º (PS: I hope ot works better than the Visionboard.
1. Wild Blue Blueberry Ale (8%! Yehaw) 2. Rising Moon (Blue Moon Spring Ale) 3. Long Trail Blackberry Wheat 4. Heineken Light (so much better than regular, totally not bitter) 5. Saranac Pomegranate Wheat 6. Shiner Helles Lager 7. Sam Adams Irish Red
1943 W. North Avenue, Chicago IL 60622 ( map ); 773-227-7960 Getting There: Blue Line to Damen; or take #72 North Avenue bus Pizza Style: New York thin Oven Type: Gas The Skinny: Better than average New York slices featuring a number of creative toppings combinations Notes: In addition to whole pies, slices are readily available Price: 20-inch specialty pies are $28; build-your-own pies start at $19.50; slices range from $3.25 to $4
7 Responses to United Arab Emirates Discovers Profiting From The Sun Is Better Than Enduring It
3D graphics processing capability is better than quad core Mali 400.
3. Oftentimes it is better, and more fafe for the faints of God, to be in the wildernefs among the beafls of the field, than in a favage world, inflamed by the devil into rage and perfecution.
2. While he's had a few injury problems, I think he's done better than you might expect if you just looked at how quickly he increased and changed his training.
A correspondent said that, notwithstanding President Bush's promise of $5 billion, it seemed that the dominant United States position was that trade was better than aid, and an unseen, but all-seeing, hand of the market would cure all ills.
After all, if an infinite number of monkeys given an infinite amount of time can write the works of Shakespeare, then it would surely take just one chimpanzee a few weeks to write a film better than, say, 2008's thunderingly dull series opener Twilight or 2009's  The Twilight Saga: New Moon which, to the best of my recollection, consists entirely of Kristen Stewart's heroine Bella looking out the window and watching the seasons change.
A child-friendly history lesson made relevant with details like built-in inkwells, lunch boxes, flypaper strips, and peeing in the snow, proving that kids in a small country school learned better than those in a big city school.
(3) 3rd party candidates are evil, and it is better to vote for someone you don't agree with that's a Democratic party member.
3. Well with the super-sub rule, i dont really think their is much need for a second spinner to back up hogg even in the case of injury, i'm prretty sure Symo could do that role better than Cullen right now.
7.) AFC West - How weird is it that the Chargers and the 49ers have basically become the same team at 4-8? Regardless of that fact, the AFC West got a huge win thanks to Denver's upset in New York, and the Raiders at this point have to be considered a half-step better than either Seattle or St. Louis.
Above all he was a great match-winner who surpassed Gavaskar in performances in games won by India.Never did India lose a game when Vishy scored a century.He mastered great fast bowlers like Andy Roberts and Richard Hadlee better than any Indian batsmen ever.His batting exhibitions on a bouncy track against the Calypsos in Madras in 1974 and his 79 and 83 in 1976 in a test in New Zealand were masterpieces of batting unequalled in testing conditions.Above all he championed a crisis.
(4:07 PM ET) SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) - Electronic Arts Inc. reported better-than-expected revenue for the March quarter on Monday afternoon, though subscribers to its "Star Wars: The Old Republic" multi-player game fell 24% during the period.
After all, what could be better than true love in the style of "until death do us part" ....
371" 277HP 4-speed Hydramatic... ran pretty good with dual glasspack exhaust and Atlas Bucron tires... previous owner may have put a cam in it... ran better than it seemed like it should... wish I could have kept it... had similar classic lines as a '57 Chevy... maybe even sleeker... but it overheated above 60 MPH for very long and I needed a more dependable car to drive 100 miles to college at GMI... now I know it may have merely needed that spring in the lower radiator hose...!!
2. Battery life is better than average, especially for a smartphone.
2011 Jolie-Laide Phoenix Ranch Vineyard Napa Valley Syrah ($36, 13.8% alcohol): Scott Schultz is better known for his intriguing Trousseau Gris, but he got hold of fruit from one of California's great Syrah sites in Napa's Coombsville area.
Adding a bit of kale to a southern fried nightmare of a diet would undoubtedly be better than nothing; but it would not be better than leaving that diet behind and eating other things (hint: plant-based seems to mean lower stroke risk).
[ 45 ] [ 46 ] Douglas-Home believed that the best way to deal with apartheid was through dialogue and that contact between the countries should be increased, not reduced [ 46 ] -as he described it, "precept and example must be better than ostracism".
1. why put Young at DH and Davis at 3rd? neither is great defensively, but id rather have Young at 3rd and Murphy DH murphys bat is alot better than Davis.... 2. Crawford makes zero sense... Murphy puts up good enough numbers to play decent 3rd outfielder.... 3. CJ and colby are the only who really proved themselves over the long hall... id rather have Lee than Crawford.
A Building Game With Options I forgot to do the star thing, so I came back to give this 5 stars, if I could give it 4.5 I would, since it is not as good, in my opinion as games in the vein of Westward that allow a lot of player decision making, but it is better than most TM (Time management) building games.
After all, he is the most prolific American filmmaker who ever lived and he has a hit rate better than that of Alfred Hitchcock.
After a long day at work, there's nothing better than coming home to wonderful aromas in your kitchen and a home-cooked meal  just sitting there, waiting for you.
1. It's still no better than 50-50 ("a coin flip" as @thefix said to me on Washington Post TV last week) that the debt ceiling will be raised by October 17, the date Treasury says it will run out of the ability to use "extraordinary measures" and the government will have to operate just from the cash it has on hand every day.
1. Sisters and Brothers (Sofia) 2. Merroway Cove (Sven, Oona and Sofia) 3. The Love We Share (Ariel and Sofia) 4. Bigger Is Better (Amber) 5. (You Can Always) Count On Baileywick (Cast) 6. Make It Right (Belle and Sofia) 7. Good Little Witch (Ballad) (Sofia) 8. Good Little Witch (Lucinda and Sofia) 9.
§ 2. The nature that can attain to perfect good, although it needs exterior aid to attain it, is of a nobler sort than the nature which cannot attain to perfect good, but gains an imperfect good independently of aid from without: as he is better disposed for health who can gain perfect health by the aid of medicine, than he who can get tolerably well without the aid of medicine.
[19] While better than the Braeryn, Eastmyr was still where you would find many poor and outlaw drow and non-drow of no discernible means.
10.05.2012 [Independent Online] - By Helen Herimbi I don't know how you feel about it, but watching horror flicks in a group is way better than being home alone like a young Macaulay Culkin and having less fun.
1., Scholarship (academic or corporate) 2., Foreign degree considered better than home 3., Better job prospects 4., Just get away from home! 5., Simply I can afford 6., I want the academic knowledge 7., Need a MA/MBA/PhD to step up in the carrier ladder 8,.
1 - Big Blue Kitten, by Kitten's Joy Eclipse winner is back for yet another go 2 - The Pizza Man, by English Channel He's obviously better than he showed at GP 3 - Slumber, by Cacique Another old pro who looks like he'll be back 4 - Ironicus, by Distorted Humor Eager for this miler's return from injury
4 chicken boneless, skinless chicken breasts 1 large onion, sliced 2 gloves garlic 1/4 cup butter or olive oil (I combined both to make 1/4 cup) 1 tablespoon of better than bouillon chicken flavor (this is found where bouillon cubes are, in a jar..you spoon it into your dishes) 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon black pepper 3 tablespoons yellow curry(can adjust to your liking) 1/2 teaspoon paprika 1 bay leaf 1 teaspoon brown sugar 1 cup sour cream 1/4 c.
[824] Because men are wicked, the laws are obliged to presume them to be better than they are. 1 Thus, the deposition of two witnesses suffices in the punishment of all crimes.
1. Twin Flames 2. Finally Found You 3. Time brought your heart to me 4. The Story Of Us 5. I will never stop waiting for you 6. Tell me what you want to hear 7. My heart is broken 8. You're better than my dreams 9. We are infinite 10.
2-5 For instance, when tested in an FDA-validated night driving simulator at 55mph, patients exhibited better than a 20-foot shorter stopping distance compared to conventional lenses. 2 This clinical study showed that iZon lens wearers had a directional improvement on 12 tested hazard conditions, with seven being statistically significant.
1 cup dried chickpeas, soaked overnight and rinsed (much better than canned, IMO) 1 onion 2 cloves garlic 1 handful cilantro (I think it's a combo of cilantro and parsley, but didn't have the latter) 1 egg 1 1/2 tbsp flour 1 tsp coriander 1 tsp cumin 1-2 pinch fennel seed (optional) salt, pepper, cayenne to taste (used paprika in lieu of cayenne)
1. Back Bacon is better than Borscht 2. The Beer is much better in Canada 3. 8 hour time difference means games played in prime time in Russia will be on at noon on East Coast and 9:00 AM on West Coast.
After doing a little Web surfing and library work, I came across an essay by the bryologist Robin Wall Kimmerer in her book, Gathering Moss (Oregon State University Press, 2003), in which she offered a solution: "Mosses appear in a lawn when conditions for moss growth are better than conditions for grass growth.
A $2.50 Charles Shaw wine from Trader Joes is better than a $10 bottle of "cooking wine."
A combination of Earl Weaver, Miller Huggins and Bucky Harris couldn't do better than Acta with the Gasoline Alley he has for a bullpen.
After a long (reeeally long) week, what could be better than coming home and flopping on the couch with some homemade pizza and a big glass of red wine?
47  And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire: 48  Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
[ 12 ] "I used to live in New York, and the system in Belgium is much better than in America.
1. Take A Stroll Down Zany Lane 2. Monkey Jumpinʼ 3. Billy Reuben 4. Raised By Ducks 5. Thanks For Sharing 6. Do a Little Dance 7. Look Listen and Live 8. Turn It Up a Notch 9. Youʼre Better Than That 10.
24. Green Bay Packers - Justin Tuck DE Notre Dame The Packers must replace DE Aaron Kampman, who is better suited for a back-up role.
Aaron Craft is playing better than at any point in his career on both sides of the ball and he'll be a terror for Gaels leading scorer Momo Jones  (23 points per game).
11 home runs - than pitcher James Russell at the plate (actually, Russell's hitting 10 points better than Pena's .157).
2) If I've to add crypto accelerator support in openssl for linux then which is better approach a) I directly write an engine b) I use engine written for OCF and I just write my module for OCF in kernel
A false sense of hope is better than no sense of hope at all, i guess.
+1 - I have this 'Magicshine' copy ($25) and an acutal Magicshine ($100), if anything the $25 light is BETTER than the $100 light.
15:18 I got up, went out and had a wander round an old colonial fort with quite a nice view over the town, before retiring to Starbucks for some air con and frozen coffee and semi decent Internet, still way under 512k in fact so pretty poor, bit better than the hostel which is about 1k!!!
A big difference between the Romneys and the Santorums: The Romneys don't constantly tout their traditional marriage, their faith or Ann's stay-at-home mothering - as a way of implying, "We're better than you."
[1] In upstate New York, Verizon walked away from its FiOS expansion effort five years ago, leaving only a handful of wealthy suburbs furnished with fiber service while effectively abandoning urban communities like Buffalo and Syracuse with nothing better than Verizon's outdated DSL, which does not meet the FCC's minimum definition of broadband - 25Mbps.
1) Generally, it is better to pay the collection agency than to try to pay the original creditor.
Adrian Peterson was outstanding for the Vikings, showing that he's as good as ever - maybe better than ever - while playing on a surgically reconstructed knee.
A "Cape Dress" conceals the figure better than a regular dress and is the most modest dress to be found.
2. My Week With Marilyn Though it wouldn't quite be accurate to say that Michelle Williams is better at being Marilyn than Marilyn Monroe was, this film - a delight about the turbulent making of the 1957 film "The Prince and the Showgirl" - explains, better than any book or movie, the glow and magnetism that Marilyn had in real life.
+1 I don't see that Kotchman is that much better than using Santana at 1B (4 days a week) and Marson C (4 days a week) with a matchup decision on the other 2-3 days.
1. Deeper by Jeff Long: Good but with a rather strange ending 2. Just another kid by Torey Hayden: interesting 3. Twilight children by Torey Hayden: interesting but it's always the same 4. Brisingr by Christopher Paolini: Great, much better than Eldest 5. Heartstopper by Joy Fielding: good 6.
[270] Fannius, in his Annals, says that Africanus the younger, he that was named Aemilianus, was remarkable for this kind of jests; and calls him by a Greek term eiron, an ironical jester; but, according to what those say who know these matters better than myself, I conceive that Socrates, for irony and dissimulation, far excelled all other men in the wit and genius which he displayed.
According to the General Fund overview prepared by City Manager Roy Wasden, the projections for Fiscal Year 2014-15 reflect an improving economic picture that, although significantly better than previous projections made in the recent past, are not yet sufficient for staff to propose a balanced budget.
- A big black cock fills up a ... nothing better than a sturdy black prick ruining their narrow butt ... with anal creampies yummy!Click here and join Black and White Anal right ... Niches: Hardcore, Milfs , Anal , Americans Site: BW Anal
Admittedly, a key part of the script is Tim deciding that life is better when he doesn't use his power and that life is about enjoying the moments you have, but this decision is stripped of any dramatic weight, since Tim's life is actually pretty perfect anyway (wealthy, loving family, seaside family home, etc).
Afghanistan joins the governments of Colombia, Kenya, Peru and the Philippines, along with development organizations USAID, the United Nations Development Programme, the World Food Programme, Mercy Corps, CARE USA, Chemonics International and Concern Worldwide, which have committed to digitize their disbursements and payments to people living in poverty, thereby becoming eligible members for technical and financial support from the Better Than Cash Alliance.
after all, it was less than two years before that apollo one demonstrated how complex the missions were and the smallest oversite wrote be faith the no one knew that better than frank go rman point man.
5 Best Android Apps for Chat : There are a large number of third party video and voice chat apps for Android that are totally free and are in many ways better than stock apps.
According to the DownTown News (a free newspaper in Downtown L.A. that is better prepared than the Daily News these days) a vote for this flawed map is set for THIS FRIDAY!
158   12:22 But you have come to Mount Zion , the city 159   of the living God , the heavenly Jerusalem , and to myriads of angels , to the assembly 12:23 and congregation of the firstborn , who are enrolled in heaven , and to God , the judge of all , and to the spirits of the righteous , who have been made perfect , 12:24 and to Jesus , the mediator 160   of a new covenant , and to the sprinkled blood that speaks of something better than Abel's does .
2g is better because you can talk for a longer amount of time and Has a better Battery which Lasts for a long time and its stronger!
14. why teach that socialism and communism is better for the community.. THEN try selling, I mean telling that to all the dead people and their surviving family members, who died under the arms of such a government..
After experiencing the near-instantaneous call-up times and better-than-one-second updates of operator HMIs on wired networks, we can get irritated when wireless bandwidth succumbs to low-wattage clients, intervening buildings and vessels, weather or, worst of all, unwelcome intruders.
(13) May we suggest the pertinent question in your last line Dr Obendorf should be directed thus ... Ask Whishy why he thought, and internally fought ... he was better than Ball to play the second fiddle ball at the last election!
2. Because of his age, a secretagogue is going to work much better than in a younger person, and HGH isn't necessary unless at high levels of competition (unless you have the money to throw away on it).
[0196] If the sign bit extracted by the sign-bit extractor 106 is positive, this indicates that the confidence level as to the correctness of the soft data bit from the output port of the I/O unit 82 is better than the confidence level as to the correctness of the soft data bit from the output port of the I/O unit 93.
Adam Warren didn't pitch particularly well on Sunday, but he did pitch better than any of the three New York Yankees starters to get the ball at Camden Yards this weekend, and his start was the only game the Yankees won against the Baltimore Orioles in the series.
A. -Doing good to others out of compassion is good, but the Seva (service) of all beings in the spirit of the Lord is better.
Abound Solar's next-generation cadmium telluride (CdTe) thin-film modules use a proven technology that performs better than crystalline silicon in low light and high temperature conditions resulting in more energy produced per watt of capacity.
After better-than-expected GDP data, the current account deficit (CAD) narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of GDP in the April-June quarter against 4.8 per cent of GDP in Q1 FY14 mainly due to decline in gold imports and rise in exports.
10. Go for the gold - life is better when you drop excess weight.
A Basement Familyroom would have been a great area for all of your family to enjoy, too bad that didn't happen!!!...... Hope your weather is better and you are doing well !
2. Legion of Boom "U mad, bro?" Seattle's better is better than Denver's better.
According to an extensive thread where several types of aftermarket batteries were tested, the most powerful direct substitute of the stock Nokia battery so far (June 2011) is the 1420 mAH blue Scud battery, which performed better than its own claim, showing a real 1510 mAh capacity.
3) Expectations coming into the season for that player:  Moderate; fans seemed to be resigned in the fact that Hawk would never become anything better than just a solid player; while he directed the defense in terms of play calling, many felt that he never could be the leader on the defense.
33% is not good, but it's night-and-day better than where they are right now.
11. Branch and BoundThe ideaSet up a bounding function, which is used to compute a bound (forthe value of the objective function) at a node on a state-space treeand determine if it is promising Promising (if the bound is better than the value of the best soluton so far): expand beyond the node.
12. IOWA HAWKEYES: There aren't many compliments better than a comparison to Penn State Head Coach Joe Paterno, but that's the company with whom Kirk Ferentz is bundled.
2. DRACULA (1931) The original, and (almost) the best, vampire film (excluding the silent movie Nosferatu, at least), this is a brilliant adaptation of Bram Stoker's classic novel, far better than the terrible 90's remake by Francis Ford Coppola.
Adam Scott finished third at 5-under par, one shot better than Robert Garrigus, Jhonattan Vegas, Seung-Yul Noh and Billy Hurley III.
1. Save for Ten and Vs., Vitology is much better than any other Pearl Jam album released.
2. Usual staples - special teams and goaltending: This goes for every playoff game in every series but the Rangers are ahead so far in this series because Henrik Lundqvist has played better than Emery and the Rangers are winning the special teams' battle.
2 day of low food intake + soberness is way better than poppin some shrooms, perhaps risk a bad trip -and stomach problems if u cant get the right stuff or if u have sensitive stomach- go brain fried for the next 3 days after it, just so u can get your smoking tolerance lowered quickly... haha
A feature was not superior, but a presider with the host of the reading in a meaningful ceremony of honoring the "guest" among us, and that guest was, for that moment, a distillation of all we were enacting: a ceremony of presence, The guest should be one who could be present among us-a word among us, but he or she should not be above or better than or superior to us, although, while they were our guest, we should treat them with respect and dignity and attention.
5. Revenge is Sweet: This is a cliche ridden piece of work from the title to Joel singing about the Phoenix Rising from the flames, but it's still better than the previous entries on the list.
1. damn! sup mamis 2. what did u say? i wasnt paying attention 3. u be looking fine as hell, better than that other girl 4. yea u better laugh 5. hell yea its a party!
4th is clearly better than 5th for the simple fact that they get a second bite of the cherry and at home.
A couple days ago (for mother's day) you posted a blog post entitled "Women are Better than Men."
[13] Noted 19 th -century British amateur golfer Horace Hutchinson wryly observed "If profanity had an influence on the flight of the ball, the game of golf would be played far better than it is."
Actor Christopher Plummer Hates What Fellow British Thespian Sir Ian Mckellen Did With The Lord Of The Rings Wizard Gandalf The Grey Onscreen - Because He Played The Part Better Than The Sound Of Music Star Would Have.
15 there's still time for you Time to buy, Time to lose yourself Within a morning star 15 I'm all right with you 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live Half time goes by Suddenly you're wise Another blink of an eye 67 is gone The sun is getting high We're moving on...
A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll out Wednesday indicates that the American public considers presumed Republican presidential nominee John McCain better than Obama on terrorism and Iraq, and voters consider McCain a stronger leader who would have better judgment in an international crisis.
According to the AirAsia Group, AirAsia India, " Overall performance was better than expected with strong loads but is working on keeping costs under check ."
10% hp cost for not sitting in his stun is better than a fear he will instantly dispel (via berserk).
1: Infection review The name of the game is better the game itself...
[0112] Referring to FIG. 11C, note that at temperatures near 200 C, the U-Tube E-W concentrator outperforms all other collectors (tracking or non-tracking) Further at temperatures in the range of 100-200 C, the U-Tube E-W and U-Tube N-S concentrators perform much better than the non-tracking flat plate and Apricus collectors, and comparable to or better than the remaining collectors.
27)Billy Pierce - don't see him as being better than Bridges 28)Addie Joss - ERA/+ and WHIP are great, but why so little black ink? 29)Pete Browning 30)Charley Jones - he got the shaft - I'd be happier if I knew what he was doing for those two years 31)Fred Carroll - I give him around 1.5 seasons prime MiL credit 32)Cupid Childs 33)Phil Rizzuto 34)Charlie Keller - 2nd all time in extra credit ((34a)Jim Bunning - Not convinced.
$1.67 and it's hugely better than the old one ever was!  Best plumbing supply place in town and not too far to bicycle to.
After all, Roman Candle is better at what they do-writing imaginative pop songs and building them into captivating four-minute Southern-air epics-than any other "band on the verge" in memory.
#4 (simple is better) Aven desires a simple, farmers life, but his sister, Winter, is a Seer, and wants to fulfill the high destiny of the gods.
According to an August 20, 2009 report by Canada's All Headline News , Canadian scientists who conducted a study "of 251 drug addicts in Montreal and Vancouver" found "that giving recovering addicts diacetylmorphine" - the active ingredient in heroin - "is more effective and leads to higher rates of recovery than administering oral methadone" ( "NAOMI Study: Heroin Better Than Methadone for Recovering Drug Addicts" ).
[ 66 ] Libya's GDP per capita ( PPP ), human development index , and literacy rate were better than in Egypt and Tunisia, whose Arab Spring revolutions preceded the outbreak of protests in Libya.
1. (N/A) Hank Aaron Just a touch better than Frank Robinson, and slightly longer career.
According to a June survey by Pew Research Center , nearly half of Americans (48 percent) say they expect economic conditions in 2010 to be better than today, up from 40 percent in February.
Add in the fact that Linux software RAID is capable of keeping far more stripes cached, and using a dedicated RAID controller with all its problems and issues becomes something you do because Microsoft lacks a viable software RAID subsystem, not because it's better than implementing your own RAID in software on a modern Sandy Bridge class Xeon.
3. Wonder Woman: The Series - A prose attempt at making a better Wonder Woman series that would've been more true to the character and in general better than what I heard the David E. Kelley pilot would've turned out to be.
3/30/09: I knit a bit more while watching Heroes For Sale (better than average pre-code movie).
9, NO. 4, APRIL 2005 ISI-Free Pulses with Reduced Sensitivity the linear combination of two ISI free pulses, the Raised Cosine (RC) and the recently proposed Better Than there is a need for pulses that are ISI free and at the same time have low sensitivity to timing errors.
[32]  He reported it as a comet but "since its movement is so slow and rather uniform, it has occurred to me several times that it might be something better than a comet".
After a hike through the national park there is nothing better than crashing in the garden of this restaurant (including pool) and enjoying the local food (Casado) with a refresing Fruitjuice (Batidas naturales).
a couple of years ago I had chronic colicystitis which is an infected gallbladder and after suffering many attacks which became excruciating as well as exhausting sometimes lasting for 12hrs, the best thing for pain relief (even better than morphine) was to sit down, relax, take deep breaths when the pain was peaking and blow out slowly (it was rather like labour pains and then some)I held one water bottle over my abdomen and one between my shoulder blades.
A Forever Home, and getting spayed/neutered, would be better than the rugged existence they live now.
After a: being caretaker of the Hyde Park Mem· dal is much better than selling $Oap 1 the Arabs in the Saharn.
3 journalists are charged to explain his last words : "Monde de merde" ("shit world", that's my translation but maybe there is another sentence which is better) : Dave (Paul Newman), Peter (Dustin Hoffman), Steven (Robert Redford).
According to the simulation study, the performance of the three robust methods are similar, and better than the classical meth- ods.
.225     June batting average for the New York Yankees Better than only the lowly Houston Astros, the lack of hitting caused the Yankees to slip to fourth place in the AL East.
Across the street is a bus stop and for fifty cents (for seniors) you can catch the bus into town which is better than driving because parking in Key West is expensive and scarce.
3. The visible size of the image will depend on the document - smaller is better - provided the text of the logo is still read-able (otherwise, why have the image there at all?) 4.
2) If I get a vcr with a s-video out, will the video be much better than rca yellow line out? 3) If I upgrade the VCR, will I gain a significant boost in video quality.
1958) ("Were I called upon to decide whether the people had best be omitted in the Legislative or Judiciary department, I would say it is better to leave them out of the Legislative"); Jones v. United States, 526 U. S. 227 , 244-248 (1999).
After all, he would have a little better than AAA talent to work with here.
2) The standard for fries in Montreal has improved since the eighties There may be some truth to this, since I remember that there were more soggy burnt fries back in the 1990s, but I don't remember the Green Spot's fries being any better than they are now.
(9 days food + crampons ice axe) into the Sierra Nevada, and although I can't say it felt light, the suspension carried that kind of weight far better than any other pack I've owned.
$6 or more a day from O'hare, or Lincoln Park or the South Side to the Loop is so much better than a car.
Aaron "The Monster of the Midway" Rodgers, although, wasn't at his best still played better than the 1st, 2nd and 3rd string QB of [...]
According to the chief manager , an advertising guru dreamed up the Che Guevara theme because of the revolutionary's international name and face recognition in order to appeal to a wide cross section of customers since, the manager confesses, such a plan is "better from a commercial and marketing point of view..."  Still, he maintains, the restaurant does try to educate the public about Che and his ideals.
16oz canned version: This is a good German Pilsener-Euro lager, and in some ways, its slightly better than Heineken and Stella Artois.
65. Learned from NICTA L4Process-orientation wastes RAM Replaced by single-stack (event-driven) approachVirtual TCB array wastes VAS, TLB entries without performance benefits on modern hardwareCapabilities are better than thread UIDs Provide uniform resource control model & avoid covert channelsAlso: IPC timeouts are useless Replaced by block/poll bitVirtualization is essential Re-think kernel abstractions
22. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS - Jermaine Gresham, TE, Oklahoma : Total package TE who is already better than Ben Watson and Chris Baker smushed together.
3) "A Fool Such As I" - a cover of the Hank Snow standard, this version is much better than the one Dylan rerecorded during the Self Portrait sessions, later released on the awful Dylan LP of outtakes.
1) Release a 1.0 to consensus reviews of "better than Apple Maps, but one big flaw -- needs contacts in order to be perfect" 2) Release a 1.1 that fixes that flaw, but only if you have Google contacts.
1. Eddie Collins (----, 2) Lajoie wasn't exactly a marginal or questionable choice for us, and Collins was clearly better than Lajoie.
According to Students for Life of America President Kristan Hawkins, the media coverage of the March for Life was significantly better than in previous years," but that's an abysmally low bar [2] .
According to a new study from researchers at the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation and Imperial College London, girls born in 2007 can expect to live to about 86 - better than in France, Spain and Switzerland, among other countries.
A bassbug type of line will work much better than a trout taper, and the leader should be short and stout (assuming you're using something larger than a #10 Green Weenie ).
1984) (en banc); see also Miller, 474 U.S. at 114 ("[I]n those instances... in which the issue falls somewhere between a pristine legal standard and a simple historical fact, the fact/law distinction at times has turned on a determination that, as a matter of sound administration of Justice, one judicial actor is better positioned than another to decide the issue in question.");
AA model performs better than RLO model; nevertheless, it forms staircases on the sharp edges when it eventually reaches to the steady state, as evident from Figures 1(c) , 1(g) , 2(c) and 2(g) .
Aaron Brooks ended with 296 yards for the second week in a row but needed the 75 yards from the final score to make his stats appear much better than they were.
2S vs 4S fuel: from a fuel manufacturer; "there is no real difference in the fuel that is marked 2S and 4S... read the ingredients: for a 4S you want min 18% oil 20% is better... no more than 15% shouldof this oil should be synthetic... if in doubt all more Castor (can't hurt).
[1] High Rock , an area with a history of factionalism was more able to deal with the collapse of central power and fared much better than the rest of Tamriel, lapsing back into its usual structure of kingdoms and city states without difficulty.
"A doll?" she repeated, looking down at the box in her arms as though Scrabble were much better than dolls.
1 Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God; for to draw nigh to hear is better than to give the sacrifice of fools: for they know not that they do evil.
1.           The new covenant is better than the old because it is based on better promises.
After bettering A.J. Green by almost 1/10 of a second in the 40-yard dash, Julio Jones' 38.5-inch vertical leap was also four inches better than Green's at the NFL Scouting Combine.
1. Yes the kessel trade is better than the other 3 trades because the leafs actually got a good player instead of nothing.
A Boot Camp for New Dads mom summed up how a father benefits his child's brain in a recent email, "What will boost a baby's development better than infant massage, listening to Mozart and 'baby rocket scientist' DVD 's all together?
1) Second concert appreciably better than the first, not least because 2/2 from Music for Airports suffered some kind of technical malfunction in the first - as BE acknowledged (assume Radio 3 will either go with the second or stitch highlights from the pair together...)
Actually, in tone he could not do better than the YouTube preview of the speech that the White House released to Obama - people can see it by going to YouTube and typing in Obama State of the Union, two minutes and 20 seconds.
A closing 64 gave the Swede an Earth Course record winning score of 25 under par, six shots better than his nearest challenger Ian Poulter.
A Cruiserweight Tourney Announcement winning the match is better than the foregone conclusion of Nunzio jobbing like a little provolone-scented bitch.
ADDED: Gregory Craig, Edwards's lawyer said: "John Edwards has done wrong in his life - and he knows it better than anyone - but he did not break the law...
(2) Everyone thinks their weather, no matter how awful it is, is better than the climate on the East Coast.
+19dBu to -16dBu input accepted - Filter Type: 2 and 4 pole dynamic low-pass & high-pass transistor Ladder Filter - Envelope Type: RMS detector, bi-polar with variable attack and release - Attack time: Better than 250uS to 2.0 seconds depending on program material and level - Release time: Better than 150mS to 2.0S depending on program material and level - Envelope Control: Positive and Negative Modulation - Input Impedance: Nominally 24Kohms balanced differential, 12Kohms unbalanced single ended - Output Impedance: Nominally 50ohms differential 25ohms single ended - Max.
12And she-who-was-healed pumped her fist in the air and responded, "Truly, I say unto you, Irishwoman, the leg is better, and it brings hope 13that I might complete Boston, which is in two weeks, should I have enough time and money to do it, as my life is currently taken over by school, 14which sucks the big one.
Abita Root Beer, Vernor's Ginger Ale, Stewart's Cream Soda, Yuengling, Lazy Magnolia & Abita Beers, and a better than average wine list (bottle prices range from $12-$16).
Actually, from someone like me who used to teach netball(!) it is better than basketball as a means of teaching spatial awareness, footwork and go forward.
Add to that the pitcher friendly park, the better than average defense and the good offense and he might well be the front runner for a Cy Young award next year.
2. The UK and France did, in the long run, not do better than for instance Greece or Italy and show a very profound relative decline .
[ 10 ] This does not mean, of course, as we have repeatedly spelled out, that we would wish to offer such a state-church model as the best model - only as one that is coherent with Protestant principles and that was generally better than the alternatives available at the time.
39965 NEW RIVER BUILDABLE LAND CANT BE BETTER THAN THIS! ALL EXCLUSIVE COMMON AREA ACCESS TO NEW RIVER W/EXPANSIVE ONE MILE OF COMMON AREA DONE IN COMPLETE LUXURY FROM A TO Z WITH AFFORDABLE PRICING.
2) In the multipost page (created with the JUGGLEDAD's multicolumn/custom query template) the Kicker area must appear with an image if the custom field are setted to OK or blank (if disappear ... is better) if the field are setted to NO.
According to E!, the film performed better than any other non-Madea Tyler movie, with the one exception of Why Did I Get Married Too.
Advancement in the race to discover the natural laws of basketball is better left to the academics, as those in the league are much more concerned with competitive advantage.
1940s english magazine illustrator- frier concrete color australia flenco xena assault 2 chinese horoscope, year of the dragon brass strike plate adel,lori discount maternity clothes ilchi lee led psp store vba option keyword ronaldinho better than maradona??? Electrical harness adapter what to see and do in melbourne brian pargeter 28 arundel street brighton
Add to this evil brew the cowardice of our politicians of all parties, afraid to face up to the tabloids and to do the right thing regardless, and you have a system in which human beings are treated little better than scum.
A few minutes later Tom rushes in to tell the rest of the family that Douglas is better.
15:25:12 ... Ivan can make west coast dates only 15:25:40 ivan: sandro can make the East coast dates 15:26:06 ... linked to RDB2RDF , RDF web apps 15:26:16 ... RDB2RDF - TPAC ?? 15:26:31 ... RDF web apps - many invited experts so cost issus 15:27:02 Guus: if video link, east coast location is better 15:27:12 q+ 15:27:12 can we change the date for the East coast?
20% of the blood when the skeleton skeletons turn to get beheaded pumping speed BUFF, generally two to three-knife fight mobs died, but better than nothing, the equivalent of a wind more anger TT.
Actually Golden Dawn is better than starving to death in an apathetic, failing, capitalist, social democracy.
Admittedly, DVD sales rarely determine whether or not a show gets cancelled before its time (if only Firefly could have come out on disc when it was still on the air, maybe it never would have been canned), but it's better than nothing-my money does at least go back to the people and organizations that had a hand in the stuff I like, and I don't have to endure the visual and aural equivalent of assault and battery.
6. Select the Magic Wand tool and make sure the selection mode is Replace Current Selection 7. Click on the road to select all your roads (if you have disconnected road sections it is better to use the Select by Colour Tool here instead).
[0131] As described above, since there is no interface, such as the X2 interface, between the BS of the macro cell and the BS of the femto cell, it is better that the pattern of downlink subframes of the macro cell and the femto cell be static or semi-static.
2 has the most fun sing-alongs: "The Amorous Humphrey Plugg" and (the brilliantly grotesque failed attempt at Brel that's in some ways better than Brel) "Girls From The Streets"
1) Outsourcing development in countries such as India, China or Eastern Europe lowers the cost of developing a technology significantly; 2) The United States has lost leadership in certain key technology area: for instance, in the mobile industry, it is better to get an early traction in Asia and Europe as traditional players in the US won't move fast enough; 3) The Internet has enabled the creation of truly global companies: if we take the example of Jaspersoft, an open source business intelligence.
1-series gearboxes are notably better than other BMW boxes I've shifted (although I've not driven a 3-series recently); the movement is still nice and slick, but the annoying slop is gone in these cars.
#6, Feb. 18, 1967 - (no story) top cover banner proclaims "Look out for Magnus the Robot Fighter - coming soon!" Inside it states "to make TV Tornado better than ever: Superman will be replaced by the exciting strip Magnus ..."
1) Any gun is good for home defense compared to nothing - a subcompact G30 is better than nothing, but if you have other options I'd -personally- put them ahead of a subcompact for HD.
1 " Honolulu sees few memorable big concerts in 2001, but two are world-class: Elton John returns to Blaisdell Arena in January with a group that included old-time band members Nigel Olsson and Davey Johnstone, and Destiny's Child proves to be better than Britney when the trio plays a steamy one-nighter in the Arena in September.
157 HP.Only one thing odd about it but I have never bothered to have it checked.It' delays a while in 3rd gear before changing to 4th gear (overdrive) in colder weather.After the first delay it does change better each time and has not been a big problem.I think the Japense model is a little better than the American mad...
After a handful of missions and side-quests in Deus Ex: Human Revolution I can already say that I like this game a lot better than Batman: Arkham City.
3)Benny and Torres wer not billed as the American Pele, and if you are gonig to sit ther with a straight gace and tell me the level on play in turkish division 2 is better than the first divisions of Mexico and Denmark..i'll just call you blind...(again you used NATIONAL team Rankings to justify your position and not individual league rankings)
Abdul Rahman is better known as the Blind Sheikh and the prime-moverbehind various terrorist plots - including trying to blow up the World Trade Center in 1993.
Actually the Apollo rides smoother and certainly stops a lot better than 2 of the Tri-As, and that one's running the rsx group... shhh! .
24 hours before the show begins, everything is put up, okay, only 10 shirts could be shown due to limits in wall space, but it really does look better than I thought it would :D
$10,000 is better money than she has ever had to herself, and she lives high on the hog for a but.
1. most people get their news and info from TV 2. most people ain't bright ( see #1) 3. when telling most people the house is on fire, a sitcom with laugh track works better than a clear, carrying voice saying "the house is on fire".
According to a 2008 study by Strategy Analytics , America ranks 20 th in global broadband household penetration, just below Belgium and slightly better than Slovenia.
&#160;but the going rate for these like new &#160;on craigslist is like 180 here in long island, and that's sooo much better than the lightning that redcat offers.
2. 80 degrees at night feels much better than 80 degrees in the morning sun - just saying, what was I thinking to run during daylight hours yesterday?!
A 2009 U.S. Department of Education study found that, "on average, students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face-to-face instruction."
1) Day Fished: 9/7 2) General Location: Reef Site 11 3) Fishing For: Flounder 4) Water Temp & Color: 73 Clear blue could see down at least 15 feet 5) Catch Report: 4 keepers to 26" around 15 tbs and a couple nice sea bass 6) Hot Bait or Lure: smelts w/ squid on buck tail no color was better than another 7) Time Fish were caught: 9, 1-3 8) Weather and Sea Conditions: Beautiful day and pretty much flat
"Act Seven" was very well received worldwide and is the biggest selling CREMATORY album to date.With their eighth album, "Believe", CREMATORY now unveil their own musical monument.Their continual development since "Act Seven" is clearly audiable in Matthias' excellent guitar arrangements which give the band new drive.Harshness, melody and catchyness are the elements CREMATORY have fused together better than ever before resulting in the creation of several dancefloor hits.
1)Gilchrist 2)Hayden 3)Ponting 4)Dean Jones 5)Steve Waugh 6)Andrew Symonds 7)Simon Odonnell (better than watson in ODI a better hitter late in innings and just as good a bowler maybe watoo a touch better bowler but not much in it O'donnell like steve waugh great slower ball) 8)Brett Lee 9) Shane Warne 10)Dennis Lillee 11) Glen Mcgrath 12th man) Micheal Bevan
2014 Porsche Cayenne (The Car Connection) 2014 Chevrolet Corvette (The Car Connection) to crashtest ratings that are better than any other affordable midsize sedan.
A Chopin Nocturne would fit a gentle goodbye far better than scenes from the apocalypse- unless, as a storytelling tool, the calmness of the music is intentionally contrasted with the chaos and destruction.
1 Kings 2:32 And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
15:28  Then Samuel said to him, Jehovah has rent the kingdom of Israel from thee to-day, and has given it to thy neighbour, who is better than thou.
9.        Be better than the Democrats by knowing our Party's history with the African American community and connecting this history to modern-day policies and ideals.
1.a Lot of american people said the Canadian Beer and the british beer is way better than the american One
[ 9 ] This publication concluded that the level of occupant protection in Preludes from 1983 to 1996 was at an "average" level, while in Preludes from 1997 to 2002 is "significantly better than average."
8 - The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.s.) has said: One hour spent in meting out justice is better than seventy years of worship.
$260 was a little spendy, but it does have more loft than the MB and it fits me better than any MB garment I have owned.
Activity C is better than B because the students have to explain the task themselves instead of just copying the teacher's explanation.
19: Music Lane, RE: Doors SACD: Which is better Warner Japan or Acoustic Sounds?
Additionally, the new therapy saves healthy human tissue from unwanted radiation exposure at rates that are the same or better than other radiotherapy techniques, according to doctors at the UAB Comprehensive Cancer Center.
1.A quality theatrically released motion picture on Elvis' life similar to but better than I Walk the line, A Coal miners daughter, Ray, Bird, Beyond the Sea, The Buddy Holly Story etc. (never going to happen because of too many crappy made for television movies.)
2) mileage- this years weekly miles have been much better than last years 40 a week average this has ment that the long run of say 20M doesn't represent a massive and quite frankly overwhelming 50% of weekly miles, less than a third now, so the first 2 hours of a long run feel relatively comfertable 3) body weight- 18months ago I was 13st 6 and doing 8min pace was pretty hard especially in summer, now at 11st I can cruise along at 7min pace fairly comfertable.
40+ litres of vodka in your trunk is good for snow traction, and better than dollar bills or gold after the crash or the big quake.
6 As William Jennings Bryan often said "It is better to trust in the Rock of Ages, than to know the age of the rocks; it is better for one to know that he is close to the Heavenly Father, than to know how far the stars in the heavens are apart."
A Doctor's Evaluation: "In this type of regimen, the combination of ingredients is better than any one alone," because they trigger different repair mechanisms, says Doris Day, a clinical assistant professor of dermatology at New York University Medical Center, who was paid to review Olay's studies but has no additional financial interest in the product.
4.) Myself- Why because I wish, to study in America in the future and well of course get a masters in History research and eventually settle down in NJ or become a public school teacher(Yeah I know I am not very Asian as my writing mastery is usually better than my near non-existent math or scientific skills)
A cranial mri will show better than the CT scan and maybe you should see a neurologist to get an EEG done....thats how i found out about the seizures, I had no idea that the symptoms that I was experiencing were that complex.
[...] activity that might be better than the sandbox, cloud dough with vehicles.
45 And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:  46 Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
A fourth newcomer, the 3D animated Alpha and Omega could do no better than fifth place despite the 3D surcharge, earning $9.1 million.
1. Buy the spaghetti sauce seasoning mix specially made for home canning, which can be costly, 2. Can just the tomato sauce "as-is" (no ingredients added, just tomatoes and salt to taste), then when you're ready to make homemade spaghetti sauce (100 times better than store-bought), just dump a pint or quart or two into the pot, add your spices and other ingredients (if you plan on a chunky sauce with onions, peppers, mushrooms, meat, etc.) and cook.
1) speaking as someone who has gotten the 10's all her life, this "7" relationship is FAR better than any of those other relationships, which is why I had the pause to begin with and 2) when I listened to you, and made that decision to invest in what I had with this person the relationship, and the passion, only got better.
2. Housewife: Sylvia Plath Superhero Doppelganger: Mystique Nothing says "Bite me, Ted" better than turning blue, falling for a psychic chick and forming a Brotherhood of Evil Mutants.
12. FIELD OF SCREAMS IONIA, MI Hope and Faith know better than to trespass in Mr. Crowe's cornfield.
72 litres of air per minute just fill the tank at your battery and then connect the hose to your valve turn the regulator knob to desired pressure and fill your tyre much better than being stranded an...
Adventure Time is better in my opinion.
8. Barry Davies: To prove that I'm not putting these in any order, Barry's in at number 8. Shoddily treated by the BBC, he was better than Motson in the 1970s and 1980s, but never received any big matches until the 1994 World Cup final, and that turned out to be such a bad match that he didn't really have anything to talk about.
Aerospace and defense behemoth Boeing ( BA - Free Boeing Stock Report ) recently released better-than-expected June-period financial results.
189 Doug Williams (Super bowl XXII MVP; also used as ammunition by Ice Cube's character in the film Three Kings to dispute Spike Jonze's character's assertion that white quarterbacks are better than black quarterbacks.)
11) Striving hard to be patient and chaste, because persistence will eventually, Allah willing, lead to attaining those qualities as second nature, as the Prophet explains in the following hadeeth: "Whoever seeks chastity Allah will make him chaste, and whoever seeks help from none but Allah, He will help him, and whoever is patient He will make it easy for him, and no one has ever been given anything better than patience."
According to the Internet, this is "awesome" and "very cool", but is it better than the time Nick Lachey crashed my Quidditch game in my diary?
6. Post Road Pumpkin Ale - The most robust of the gourd grogs, the rust-hued Post Road doesn't taste much better than tap water after a hydrant flushing.
Actress Deepika Padukone is happy that her on-screen chemistry with Ranveer Singh is appreciated by audience but she wants that whenever they come together next for a film it has to be better than 'Ram Leela'.
26. Tennessee Titans (2-4) Last week: 31 The Titans claimed to be better than their record, and while I don't know if they proved that with the win over the Steelers, it does create some separation, at least temporarily, between them and the unsightly dregs of the power rankings.
A bigger heart (with more stroke volume) is better equipped to fight heart disease and heart attacks and bigger lunges are very important in our ability to age gracefully.
1. Greg Oden 2. Kevin Durant 3. Joakim Noah (his games in march have reassured me of this) 4. Brandon Wright 5. Spencer Hawes 6. Yi Jianlian 7. Josh McRoberts (imo case were player is better pro than amateur) 8. Mike Conley Jr. 9. Nick Young 10.
1.Better Than a War --2.The Last Best Hope --3.Ash Heap of History --4.Fireside Talks --5.The Dinner Party --6."A
After a long day of chasing 50 rugrats from scavenger hunts to Iced Lolly snack breaks there is nothing better than coming home to a hug from an Italian mother who has a warm meal and washing machine at the ready.
1) Download the latest version of Better Than Testificates 1.2.5 Mod 2) Download Risugami's Modloader 3) Install ModLoader by opening your minecraft.jar in your Minecraft /bin/ directory and dragging all the necessary files into it.
a $500 set of hertz vs a $500 set of focals are going to be really, really hard to discern what is better overall factoring in car audio dynamics, sound waves, tweeter placement, etc.
1/THE REASON WHY I SHOULD BE CHOSEN is not because I'm better than others or need this more than others, but because I want to learn Social Media Marketing to prove there is no limitation for me or anybody else for that matter, in what we can accomplish and how far we can go.
[ 18 ] Picard is deemed the ultimate delegator of authority, knowing "how to gather and use data better than any other Star Trek captain."
5th Annual Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic:  What could be better than unlimited Veuve Clicquot, hot polo players (ahem, Nacho Figueras) and celebrity guests like Clive Owen?
1. Dolphins: Tannehill shaky, but Moreno shines:  Miami beat Dallas 25-20 in last night's exhibition because Matt Moore was better than Ryan Tannehill, but the story was Knowshon Moreno's preseason debut sparking a 200-yard ground attack.
According to Chariji other meditations lead us to achievement of supernatural powers and that is not the goal of an individual and whatever types of meditations or spiritual methods exist on the earth, MISLEAD an individual......It is the only and only his meditation (treadmarked..) method which leads us to the right goal..( mine is better than you approach) and he also claimed that he is the only capable master on this earth (selected by the mother nature) who is given the responsibility of the people of this earth....
(3) Real-Time Audience Aggregation Power Of Television: For live events, TV is still excellent at aggregating live audiences, and nothing is better than live sports - in particular, live NFL football.
10. Like most writers, you may think that what you've written is better than Dickens, but look at it next week.
5 - Citizen Smith - written by the late John Sullivan who would years later perfect the sitcom with Only Fools and Horses, this starred Robert Lindsey who these days is better known for his part in  the inexplicably popular, My Family.
2 rookies (or kind of) Ribeiro and Ryder will be even better than 2 years ago.. Add Bonk.. Add the new rules giving talented guys like Koivu, Ribeiro and Kovalev to work their magic... Then a solid season from Theo with the addition of a rookie like Perezoghin or Hossa having a solid season.. and sky is the limit...
[18] He (salAllahu 'alayhi wa sallam) also said, "There are four things in Paradise that are better than Paradise itself - remaining eternally in Paradise is better than Paradise; being served by the angels in paradise is better than Paradise; being in the company of the Prophets in Paradise is better than Paradise; and gaining Allah's pleasures in Paradise is better than Paradise itself.
0.22mm thickness is better suited to bicycles, will curve around frame contours more easily and edges will be more or less invisible.
11. Orlando Cepeda (C) - He is a very difficult choice for me because he isn't significantly better than Howard, Colavito and Cash, but the slight difference means more than 30 spaces on this ballot.
1 package (12.3 ounces) Mori-Nu Silken Lite Firm Tofu 8 ounces Tofutti "Better than Cream Cheese" ½ cup fresh lime juice 2 teaspoons grated lime or lemon rind 2 packages Mori-Nu Mates Vanilla Pudding Mix 1 tablespoon agave nectar One 9-inch Arrowhead Mills brand graham cracker pie shell
2. DT DERRICK NNADI, VIRGINIA BEACH (VA.) OCEAN LAKES Nnadi performed better than three five-star defensive linemen.
A bunch of chicken shit wanta be cops that need to be brought up on murder charges shoot a man in his back and than shoot him with beanbag shotgun,and if you support this act you should turn in your badge in your no better than those loser cops talk about pussies.
(2) If so, and if the data show that the latter is better in the aggregate, should the government discourage the pursuit of happiness in the name of economic growth, or should it leave people to pursue their fire-in-the-belly dreams?
1. LIFE FOR US IS BETTER THAN IT WAS FOR OUR FOREFATHERS.
A combination of the tricyclic, amitriptyline, and the SSRI fluoxetine seems to relieve symptoms better than either drug alone.
Actually, as much as I don't want to defend Kubo, the odds are substantially better than that.
2.Get there very early and pick you position at the air show carefully, the best spots are usually already set aside for the press only gang but either end of the display area is better than the middle and at the end of the flight line is the best as the reduction in apparent speed with an aircraft flying slightly towards rather than straight across the camera makes keeping on target much easier.
10% doesn't come close to making up the lost construction time, but its better than nothing.
8) Marbled Murrelet protections upheld by courts, -California: 9) Implications of Klamath / Dillon Creek roadless areas that are on fire, 10) Bristlecone Pine summary, 11) Berkeley treesit continues despite more tresitters giving up, 12) Grizzly Flat: Destroying a forest every decade is better than destroying it once?
#1 Honestly, I like the Tamagotchi Connections better than their ancestors.
[1] like reinventing your own framework - whatever architecture (including non-blocking IO/event-based server like Twisted) you settle on, chances are most of the grunt work has already been done, and probably better than what you could come with in a reasonable amount of time - unless you have a really BIG budget of course.
47Ã'Â  Ã'Â Ã'Â  And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire : 48Ã'Â  Ã'Â Ã'Â  Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
A 2010 study by the U.S. Department of Education actually found that students in online courses fared better than those receiving face-to-face instruction.
5 Soho Jazz clubs out of 5! It doesn't get much better than this.
1. Crafted gear on same level and a few pieces, like very few, that if the highest skill is mastered can turn out to be better most definitely than dungeon gear but even a slight bit better than even raid gear.
10.1 inch Lenovo Yoga 2-1050LC Android 4.4 3G Phablet Intel Z3745 Quad Core 1.86GHz WUXGA IPS Screen 2GB RAM 16GB ROM WiFi GPS 9600mAh Battery Capacity Main Features:CPU: Intel Z3745 Quad Core 1.86GHz has a better performance, delivering plenty of power for multitasking and fueling casual games and movies.GPU: Intel HD Graphics Gen 7 is better and faster in playing games and watching videos than the previous generation.RAM + ROM: 2GB + 16GB offers fast surfing online, video playing and gaming experience.
After all, if you want someone to lead a relegated club straight back to the Premier League, who better than someone who has already done it once - and, better still, with a minimum of fuss and no big spending?
3. (Don't Fear) The Reaper by Blue Oyster Cult Best guitar solo EVER, yes, even better than the Layla solo by Clapton.
2 c pumpkin - 1 inch cubes NOT canned or mashed 1 pear diced 1 c dried apricots roughly chopped 2 carrots 1/2 inch chunks or baby carrots 1 c raisins (I prefer golden) 1 large onion diced 1 sweet potato cut into 1 inch chunks 1 tsp salt (optional) 1 c orange juice - pulpy is better 1 c chicken broth (can be omitted to make a vegetarian dish) 1/2 c apple juice (use only if you don't use the chicken broth)
"2012 has been approximately 5% better than 2011 and (winter) reservations at both parks are up over 7%.
1) Are the 5100s better than the spacers for the front?
After building better than a three-second lead with 32 minutes to go, a full-course caution came out, allowing the field to bunch behind the leader.
5) Cute babies are better than crappy rings: In Willow, the main character must protect a child princess from the clutches of an evil queen.
According to many, the Republicans will gain a majority in the U.S. House but likely won't in the Senate, Democrat John Hickenlooper will run away with the race for Colorado governor, and Republican Ken Buck has a better than even chance of defeating U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, the incumbent Democrat in the race.
[28] In fact, the barbaric Western Crusaders not only enjoyed cooking and eating the flesh of Arabs and Muslims, but they also found it even "better than spiced peacock."
Access in this area is far better than in the exclusive and exclusionary world of the gated beachfront communities and condos that dominate the coast in South Florida, and there are plenty of beachbreaks to escape the concentrations of able surfers at the main spots.
After all a digitally placed straight line keyed on a spot where the ball was originally marked HAS to be better than an invisible mark some human being says "oh the ball is about 1/3 of the way between the 29 and 30 yard line so even though Ben's not standing by a hash when he throws it he's clearly in front of the line" :-)
(1) LUCKY LUCKY LEO tanked in his debut for new connections; he's better than that.
According to the National Right to Read Foundation, "nothing develops the quick and accurate (automatic) recognition of written words better than does proper phonics instruction" - and what better way to provide this instruction than through fun online games and activities?
3 in the family wearing Dodger blue know better than to smile too widely.
1NN and PCA-LDA have comparable performance, but PCA-LDA performs slightly better than 1NN for near-complete mtDNA profiles.
1. Any Romero movie (some better than others of course) 2. John Carpenters the THING 3. Alien (yes the 1st one was considered sci-fi horror) 4. The Exorcist 5. Nightmare on Elm Street 6.
6). Figure 6: Average Duration of Bankruptcies, by Industry, 1980-2004: [See PDF for image] [End of figure] Airlines in bankruptcy also appeared to retain assets better than other industries, but at the cost of much greater debt; however, a limited number of observations precludes firm conclusions.
About the Louet Gems - it's definitely splitty, but I've found that it launders better than most of the other sock yarns I've tried (which isn't nearly so many as you !), so maybe it's worth it?
After confronting the critic who wrote it, she decides to join a cooking class, with Joey in tow and joey learns the love of cooking and makes the best cookies in the class, even better than monica's and in the end thay get kicked out for not paying.
[0241] 1) transgenic plants which synthesize a modified starch, which in its physical-chemical characteristics, in particular the amylose content or the amylose/amylopectin ratio, the degree of branching, the average chain length, the side chain distribution, the viscosity behaviour, the gelling strength, the starch grain size and/or the starch grain morphology, is changed in comparison with the synthesised starch in wild type plant cells or plants, so that this is better suited for special applications.
Add in Big Sis's tattle-tale spy force and we'll be no better than East German or the old Soviet Union.
A backup who can play when called upon is better than the greatest player ever to play the game if that player can hardly make the playing field.
6. Tho he makes some nice plays, Kaep's footwork looks little better than it did last year, when it was simply atrocious.
1 cup chickpeas 2 tablespoons olive oil ½ cup vital wheat gluten ½ cup oatmeal, food-processed to breadcrumb consistency (or ½ c plain breadcrumbs) ¼ cup vegetable broth or water (I used Better than Bouillon) 2 tablespoons soy sauce 2 garlic cloves, pressed or grated ½ teaspoon lemon zest ½ teaspoon dried thyme ½ teaspoon paprika (I used hot, and it was great) ¼ teaspoon dried sage Olive oil or cooking spray for baking or pan-frying
After her arrest and a three-hour trial, a Cook County, Ill., jury found her insane, and an arrest warrant was issued to have her taken to Bellevue Place in Batavia, an asylum for those who could afford better than the state hospital.
2. Philadelphia 2B/3B (Utley v. Polanco v. Bell) : Utley is full of potential, Polanco produces better than anyone else, and Bell has produced the most in the past and makes the largest paycheck.
70 O Messenger! say to those who are captives in your hands: "If Allah findeth any good in your hearts, He will give you something better than what has been taken from you, and He will forgive you: for Allah is Oft-forgiving, Most Merciful."
23 Responses to "Is Derrick Rose better than Chris Paul?"
11 is Veterans Day and nobody does it bigger, or better, than the Rockdale ISD.
Actually, in this audio version Sanders reads the novel better than Joseph Heller himself.
11 With respect to ILC, studies show that its prognosis is better, 12 -  14 the same, 15 or worse 16 , 17 than that of IDC.
A brew named "Goliath" deserves better than the standard EPA treatment.
29, Black Cat) Trip-hop, downtempo, whatever you want to call it, George Evelyn aka DJ EASE has been doing it better than most for the past 15 years, while likely serving as the soundtrack to many a chilled-out afterparty.
- 1898 - "There are some things worse than war: somi BEGINNINGS, DATES AND EVENTS 193 things better than money."
About four o'clock we decided to go up into town to check the times for the bus to Almafi for a possible trip tomorrow if the weather is better.
192K does sound a lot better than 128K..
3 Pros : Drafted Brandin Cooks (my pick for offensive rookie of the year), drafted Stanley-Jean Baptiste to improve a better than expected secondary from a year ago, and signed Jairus Byrd. 3 Cons : Traded Darren Sproles to Philadelphia, lost center Brian De La Puente, and have questions about their running game.
After all, a recommendation on a software or a site from Lifehacker ‎ , MakeUseOf , Mashable or ReadWriteWeb could be better than just finding a site through Google.
"Absolutely," McAnally said, "and I've got one that might be better than him (fellow Million nominee Fast and Furious, owned by Arnold Zetcher and third in Hollywood's Grade I Shoemaker Breeders' Cup Mile Stakes May 30) that I'd also like to bring.
A complete line of salon products will leave you looking and feeling better than ever .
2) Murano: The service is exceptional but the food is only somewhat better than the food served in Blu so it wasn't worth the surcharge to dine there.
+1, I found the first RE movie to be very well made for its time and it is still better than the majority of shit that comes out lately.
Above and beyond any of the issues both candidates beat to death, the most fundamental test of any administration is whether the country as a whole is better off than it was four years ago and on a national level, the answer is clearly no.
11) Striving hard to be patient and chaste, because persistence will eventually, Allaah willing, lead to attaining those qualities as second nature, as the Prophet explains in the following hadeeth: "Whoever seeks chastity Allaah will make him chaste, and whoever seeks help from none but Allaah, He will help him, and whoever is patient He will make it easy for him, and no one has ever been given anything better than patience."
[ 39 ] He reported it as a comet but "since its movement is so slow and rather uniform, it has occurred to me several times that it might be something better than a comet".
@9db3cedc3b4d3f49c46f541106d36045:disqus kobe is a one-dimensional player???? I'm a huge Kobe fan, and I will state he's not greater than MJ, but he shoots the three better than MJ ever did and has the best footwork in the game right now.
2. Grand Theft Auto III - the original remains the best of the series 3. Beyond Good & Evil - as much as I hate the batshit end boss fight, this remains a stellar example of the greatness video gaming is capable of 4. God of War 1 & 2 - combat action games don't come any better than this pair and even though the final third of the first game is an exercise in pure torture the second game is flawless.
According to Jakob Nielsen, the best way to create the most user-friendly design is to go to the end user and do some research : even if your budget is small, small-scale focus groups can give valuable insight that, in Nielsen's study, performed significantly better than the choices the designers had made based on their own instincts.
2nd breakfast: this time 2 wee beef samosas, definitely better than AV Restaurant
11. Arizona Cardinals (1-2) Carson Palmer is an immense upgrade over Kevin Kolb, John Skelton and Ryan Lindley, and the 2013 offensive line is much better than the sieve that took the field last year.
3) The game is better without the trinity.
3. If you can't imagine any scientist applying for grant money to research a theory that humans are not to blame, then read Svensmark and Calders book "the chilling stars", where Svensmark complains about the lack of funding he has recieved, but if you actually total up the amount of grants that he mentions in the book, he is actually pretty well funded (better than I am!).
2.Devala Pithrus become happy in Sradha performed in natural surroundings, mountains, sacred waters, sacred places and in places which are clean and has solitude, It is better performed in the mud floor cleaned by cow dung in one?s own house.
ACP is better than everything on earth concept, and the tiny .22 can not stop the attacker(yet I find it funny because regardless of the choice of caliber used for SD, a determined attacker can/may still kill/hurt the victim even after being stop multiple times), where as throughout history the .22LR
521-549) Then Maia's son nodded his head and promised that he would never steal anything of all the Far-shooter possessed, and would never go near his strong house; but Apollo, son of Leto, swore to be fellow and friend to Hermes, vowing that he would love no other among the immortals, neither god nor man sprung from Zeus, better than Hermes: and the Father sent forth an eagle in confirmation.
$19.99 You get a $19.99 Single check rebate Use the $10/1 Neuragen Gel coupon from the 12/5 redplum inserts to make it as low as Better than Free
A club with such an immense payroll, desperate enough to throw a pair of rookie pitchers to the wolves on successive nights (and if you were to say, "anything's better than Dave Williams", you'd be right, too)?
(3) notes t hat while on the whole children in Australia fare better than children in other parts of the world, there remains significant issues to be tackled in Australia including child abuse and neglect, youth homelessness and the disadvantage suffered by indigenous children;
Actually imo it's better than most because you can use the safety prime to speed things up.
36 Decision Table and Decision Tree can summarize complex decision logic better than structured English Decision Table is a tabular representation of processing logic containing decision variables, decision variable values and actions or formulas Decision Tree is a graphical description of process logic that uses lines organized like branches of a tree Figures 6-22 and 6-23 show a decision table and decision tree representing the same logic as the structured English example in Figure 6-21 FIGURE 6-22 A decision table for calculating shipping charges.
420 Music Festival is going on all weekend long from April 19th-21st, and unless you are buying VIP tickets, the event is free to attend, it doesn't get much better than that!
78a. [ Where Goliath fell ] is ELAH , which now is better known from the Tommy Lee Jones movie In the Valley of Elah .
2 cups dried split peas (green or yellow) 7 - 8 cups water; can be partially replaced with chicken or vegetable stock, or add 1 Tbsp  Better Than Bouillon Chicken Stock with the water (optional) 1 ham hock, hambone with some meat on it, chopped ham, etc. 2 carrots 1 large or medium onion 3 stalks celery 2 - 3 Tbsp butter, olive oil, ghee, or a blend 2 small to medium potatoes  1 tsp dry mustard 1 tsp rosemary 1 tsp thyme 1 bay leaf
6.Rahxephon Real nice anime...its kinda similar to EVA and better than it in most ways but it just doesn't make the cut due to its action sequences which are extremely short... 7.Akira 8.Venus Wars These are the two anime which got me into anime.....really memorable...the bood old days
19. Gary Gray (CB, Sr) - Gray ended up being much better than the 19th best player on the team by the end of the season and he enters 2011 as one of the best on the squad.
47 The servants of the king also came to congratulate our lord King David, saying, 'Your God has made the name of Solomon better than your name and his throne greater than your throne!'
[ 14 ] Sal Cinqeman was favorable, too: "As always, Pink's ragged vocals are better than she's often given credit for and there's still a rebel sensibility, at least lyrically, on the catchy lead single "Stupid Girls" ("Where, oh where, have all the smart people gone?" she begs, lambasting "porno paparazzi girls"-which would have made for a more fun title-the way she took aim at Britney two albums ago)."
6) Ashwagandha : Said to work better than pharmaceutical drugs at relieving anxiety and depression symptoms, the adaptogenic herb ashwagandha is a great natural option for overcoming stress and unease.
-- #1 DOWNLOAD IN 28 COUNTRIES -- What's even better than Frenchmen, ninjas and heroes?
162. "That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong."
A better than expected mix of the sub-$1000 notebook may also explain why the average selling price (ASP) of Macs during the month of December remained relatively flat instead of rising 12 percent as some analyst on Wall Street had been expecting.
A candidate who can run well in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Ohio, and suburban America, is better than one who will pad the victory margin by 5% in Texas .
3 c herb seasoned croutons 2 c sharp cheddar cheese, grated 1-1/2 lbs ground sausage, browned (1/2 hot is good; all hot is better!) 4 eggs, slightly beaten 3 c whole milk 1 can cream of mushroom soup
Additionally, the statement of Genesis 19:23 that "the sun had risen over the land when Lot came to Zoar" is better understood as "the sun had gone forth over the land, and Lot came to Zoar;" that is, the sun had completed its daily course and was in the process of setting in the west by the time Lot reached Zoar.
[0293] In some embodiments, maceration improves clot extraction because the clot is better formed.
13 and 16 spots, respectively, and no one will really be able to tell who is better until the playoffs, if they meet.
(2) Inflation by means of the central banks printing money (or rather creating it electronically) (3) Debt restructuring/default which means a sudden crash, forcing budget cuts and causing bank and other corporate bankruptcies, loss of jobs and reduction of gdp, but also a chance to start over, and arguably better than high levels of inflation in the long run.
5) Central nervous system --improvements in neuromuscular coordination, which means the horse is better able to complete the skills required for its particular discipline.
A 90% Jackson and a 85% Spiller is better than seeing Choice and White try to rip up the Patriot Defense.
[0129] The provision of three or more poles in a row next to one another (see FIGS. 9 and 10) also has the advantage that the flux is better distributed through the material of the selection element, resulting in the magnetically conducting material being saturated less quickly.
2. By using EXEC sp_changemergearticle(set value of 'compensate_for_errors' to true) Please suggest which one of above is better option?
After five years of grit and determined effort, the United States is better positioned for the 21st century than any other nation on Earth," Obama told a joint session of Congress in the annual address.
1) Homocysteine,Methyl MalonicAcid (B12 in the cell itself) 2.) 125 hydrox-Vitamin D(See D flowchart-This test is better than 25 hydrox D) 3.) Total T3 + Total T4 (2 of 3 main hormones produced by Thyroid) 4.) Cortisol (Adrenal Cortex hormone needed for blood pressure & metabolism) 5.) Androgens/ Estrogen (Estriol is good type of estrogen see B12 flowchart) 6.) Aldersterone (Adrenal Cortex hormone regulates Sodium & Potassium .
A complex regimen that included immunochemotherapy produced a five-year, event-free survival rate of better than 60 percent in 159 people with mantle cell lymphoma, physicians at the Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen reported Sunday at the American Society of Hematology annual meeting, in Atlanta.
A cunouaightseer questioned one of the keeperson the distance trav eled daily by the bear within his com paratively spacious cell and the two agreed, after much figuring and tim ing, that the monster covered about 20 miles every day, averaging better than a mile an hour in the time not resting and eating.
#47 Nature is a continuum; doesn't that mean you cannot draw a line, and where you draw yours is no better than where I draw mine?
After all what could be better than having a partner who promises to love you for life?
Adjuvant trials comparing ovarian ablation with or without tamoxifen to CMF-type chemotherapy (cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, fluorouracil) suggest that the endocrine therapy is equivalent to or better than this chemotherapy in women whose tumors express estrogen and/or progesterone receptors.
A 239 finish ensured him top place on the leader board for a while, eleven points better than second-placed Yoan Alix from France.
4) Speaking of Democratic Kansas governor, Sebelius, I left really impressed after she delivered the Democratic response (Good if not better than the one given by Virginia governor Tim Kaine.).
11.    Sanctuary/Refuge : It has been narrated that peace be upon him (the prophet) entered upon 'Othman Bin Maz'oon and read the last three Surahs of the Koran (this Surah included) and said: We seek sanctuary within these (three last Surahs of Koran) and there is no refuge better than them.
After a long day of work there's nothing better than coming home to her goofy smile.
A big NICKI MINAJ fan cant get no better than me now every song try to make it to every show..Got my own Team MINAJ going on fb hit me up...all about nicki...and (young money)nicki, drake, tyga, lil wayne, t-streets, mac mane, millz, gudda, lil twist, chanelle and chuckie.
After Jessica walks out on him, Asa muses that she "could have done a hell of a lot better" than "that kid" but doesn't take kindly to Sam's suggestion that Asa take Jessica to court so that he could "have your whole family in a courtroom then...you don't have to sit home all alone."
A call by the Herald to the hotline for Overseas Studies Service Centre in Beijing to inquire about attending U of C got the response, "If you don't already go to that school yet, it is better not to go because you will face risks."
2012 Trivento Cabernet Sauvignon Reserve ($11) Argentina's Mendoza region is better known for Malbec, but it also produces impressive Cabernet, as this darkly spicy wine shows.
0 Commander of the faithful, the Prophet said : The place of even an arrow in paradise for one of you is better than the world and its wealth, Your rule will not last for ever as it did not last for your predecessors.
4) Magnus b Pólvora [Forjando un Idolo] Mangus [3] looked better than last time here and the crowd was behind him.
3 days within this season and practicing my edges and rotations with side hits and rollers, specifically with frontside and switch backside...I popped a front 3 first try off the same jump that I referance as the "20'+ park jump", best one of my life so far...then front 5 it next try better than I front 3'd it.
A canoe heading north in the easterly tradewinds is better off starting from a point as far east of Hawai'i as possible.
After its most successful year to date, F&E is already working with the UAE Ministry of Education to ensure GESS and GEF 2012 is bigger and better than ever.
"After Dixie Carter did her show [Hardcore Justice] and paid the guys a ridiculous sum of money, $250 to go out there and do what we do better than most people do, that to me was just so disrespectful.
6. Windows Remote Desktop Connection is okay, but VNC is better integrated with the Mac, which what I use primarily these days, and I suspect many if not most others do too.
2013 Range Rover great SUV I love it it does amazing I was born loving the land rover owned by ford completely it even a little better than the ford explorer now days but I paid 90k for it I got a deal.
14. Jimmy Sheckard (x-x)--peaked at #6 once, but I decided that Thompson, Pike, Jones and Browning were better in the same way that Billy Williams was better than Lou Brock, and that 3-4 OF in the top 10 were plenty.
11. Everyone has an obnoxious friend who roots for Michigan...There is nothing better than shutting your buddy up after The Game is played every year, and this year is no different...
00 was ok, not as good as Wing or the main Gundam Universal Century series but it was certainly better than Seed, Age or that crap G Gundam.
#1 is good if you're still an undergraduate, #2 is better for the MBA level or beyond, and #3 is better if you're way beyond that (which should be almost no one reading this, but hey, just to be complete...).
1) BBM is still better than the rest.
3) Rage power are better than most feat, hands down.
1. I'll give you an AMEN to the tan fat looking better than white fat and I see some serious rafting coming our way in Spring/Summer 2012! 2. WHEN are you making these again?
3. However, America is NOT better than God's Chosen people--the children of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
7. Vacation The Griswolds may have had a slew of movies, but none were better than the first that saw Chevy Chase pile his clan into the family truckster and head cross country from their Chicago area home to their mecca... Wally World!
[0043] The above described functionality of the adaptor in anti-bounce mode is better explained with reference finally to the operating sequence illustrated in FIGS.
#3 Water, water and more water - It's so simple but most of us forget to drink enough H 2 O.  Eight 8 oz glasses are recommended but 70-80 ounces a day is better.
7 Pierre-Luc Gagnon QC Black shirt & pants with bit of gold design on shirt / some chor to start / cam ch cam is a little slow and could use more extension / 1a / nice flow & edges / 3s2t / cam starts combo spin - better than in prev spin - rest of the spin is really nice / ftwrk 2f / flysit has ok fly good spin / strt ftwrk includes Arabian - fairly complex - not as smooth as I think it should be / 28.91 / currently in 5th /
3.with all due respect,it is imposible to prove your worth against 1 team,no matter how hard the conditions are.a great player needs to be great against different teams all over the world to be considered great.Besides,I think the pitch is very overrated compared to the quality of opposition,here in Israel the players play on pitches way harder to play on than international standard pitches but does that make them better than this list?NO!!!
A couple of key elements make Scottsdale Stadium just a little bit better than most Spring Training stadiums.
Additionally, a large meta-analysis demonstrated better than expected survival from OHPTCA, suggesting the need for a re-evaluation of current guidelines for field termination of resuscitative efforts in this population.
9-11) In any event, the Examiner believes that there is better evidence in support of Chief Riseling's charge that Schubring did not submit a notification of absence form, that he was on duty on the date in question, and that Schubring or someone else wrote "UB" on the schedule on December 15, 1995, after the incident at Gumby's.
After all, maybe you can afford to spend $1500-$2000 on Rancilio Silvia and a Mazzer Mini, or even $4000-6000 an E61 with a rotary pump and a Mazzer Robur, and maybe I could spend $600 on a Nemox Espresso and matching grinder (which, incidentally, despite CoffeeGeek refusing to review it, did rather better than the Mazzer Mini on the Titan Grinder Project tests ), but you know what?
(53,Wu-Tang Clan,78,Sublime,0.9096468367168238) (1001180,Godsmack,1234871,Devildriver,0.9093019011575069) (1001594,Adema,1007903,Maroon 5,0.909297052154195) (689,Bette Midler,1003904,Better Than Ezra,0.9089467492461345)
About the only criticisms I can come up with are the mode dial and the focus screen, but to be frank the OVF is better than the D800/E for manual focus anyway and the mode dial tends to remain at A (and I adjust aperture and Iso).
4. Fourth point: I think much of the world understands (better than most Americans do) that Bush is not eager to leave, and in fact would like nothing more than to stay as long as possible ...
5. Kansas City: Alex Smith has played better than Colin Kaepernick.
1- Yes, it supports many formats but you have to tweak all of them before you load them or there are formatting and page break problems (and I do know how to fix them but I do not have the time) 2- Contrast is low: I need to wear glasses when using it (the price you pay for a long life, I guess) 3- The only thing it does better than a PDA is keeps a battery charge forever, a benefit of Viplex E Ink, not specific to the Hanlin device
129 people on 4 train services in the 2 hour peak is around 33 people a train - that's called a bus load - and a train that short is NOT environmentally better than a bus, because trains are heavier and consume more fuel - that's why a general rule of thumb is you need 3 bus loads to make a train start to be worthwhile.
6-Flat Out was a gift from above last time at 2.85-1, and if they give me better than that today, I could not say no.
2010 at 6:12 am hi sagar...thanks 1. as far as my strategy went...mohit bhatt...wasnt a part of it...so u have to decide accordingly...fadia is better any day in my opinion...and u r right when it comes to reading only a few books again and again... 2. But.] my 3 doubts here: 1.September 1.style of writing is similar to that of the GS paper.. Should then an attempt be made to drive in that its a pub ad answer ?
86 Husqvarna 510 watercooled brochure picture 86 Husqvarna 510 test article from Dirt Rider, tech specs, photos 1999 Mid-Ohio Report - better than ever - Puterbaugh's 450, Anderson's 450, Ramey's 67 250, Boydstun Wins+ more 1999 Trip to Sweden report - the 8 luckiest guys in the world had a fantastic tour of Sweden thanks to Gunnar Lindstrom plus suppliers of Husqvarna parts and bikes advertise thru out the issue
[14] Daniel Pipes, "The Hell of Israel is Better than the Paradise of Arafat," Middle East Quarterly , Spring 2005, 43-50.
Actually the newer dev kit, is apparently only going to be 20% less than the 720/Durango, and considering some of the newer rumours coming out, that the Wii U CAN run Frostbite 2.0 and Unreal Engine 4, better than the current consoles.
After all, the return is still better than bonds or cash in bank accounts with relatively low risk.
Aaron Rodgers has Tiny Hands says: Jul 18, 2014 1:10 PM Since his 2,000-yard season, Johnson has averaged 4.18 yards per carry, which is only slightly better than the overweight plodder Eddie Lacy's average.
2. Variety of Terrain Featuring 115 Runs & Canada's Best Backside Over 3000 skiable acres 3. Superb Ski-in Ski-out Accommodation & Your Own Private Hot Tub Finish your day on the slopes by skiing right to your door, and soak those tired legs in your own private hot tub...it doesn't get any better than this.
After battling through a rough patch last season, Brian spent the harsh Illinois winter gathering together some of the best parts and people in the LSX community to bring his Trans Am back better than ever.
A bit out of the way, but has a very devoted following - not a fancy restaurant by any stretch of the imagination, but there's nothing better than rolling off the beach and washing down their delicious nosh with a cold beer on a hot, summer afternoon....
Additionally, such tools with flexible wire cutting heads, are able to clean the end plates of both the superior and the inferior vertebrae simultaneously and essentially equally well, even though the access to the superior vertebra end plate is substantially better than to the inferior vertebra end plate, because the angle at which the cleaning tool faces the superior vertebra end plate is more "face-on" than the inferior vertebra end plate.
19 MacArthur already had agreed that such a division, depending upon cooperation between the two services, might be better than the elevation of either himself or Nimitz to supreme command.
[10/16/2005] Casinos go high-tech to track gamblers As if the house didn\'t already have the upper hand, casinos are betting on new technology that lets them read the players better than any savvy gambler.
Additionally, I installed 3 more in my fathers Opel Combo, they light up the trunk way better than the original incandescent lightning.
A Cavern of Black Ice is, basically, as good an opening volume to an epic fantasy as has ever been written, better than Gardens of the Moon, The Eye of the World or Magician and almost as strong as A Game of Thrones.
A couple weeks back we reported on Carrie Fisher firing back via video on William Shatner after he arguing that Star Trek was better than Star Wars.
After all, the Democrats would like nothing better than to see Cruz be the Republican presidential nominee in 2016; they are confident that he would go down to a Barry Goldwater, 1964-like defeat.
1. My assertion that I would replace Neal Huntington with Walt Jocketty is based on a belief that there are people out there in the world -- Walt Jocketty being one, in my humble opinion -- that can do Neal Huntington's job better than he can.
3. Give your efforts for the sake of the relationship It is always two to tango, and so working together towards the betterment of the relationship is far better than only ONE is doing everything to keep it.
A clean bike will function better than a dirty one and is a pleasure to work on Start with the cleaning.To clean your bike you will need some supplies, below is a list of the basics.
Abraham Lincoln understood human nature and this quote illustrates the fact better than just about anything he ever said.
2003 Somewhere Better Than This Place, The Contemporary Arts Center, Cincinnati 2003 Beaufort, Triennial for Contemporary Art by the Sea, The PMMK, the Museum for Modern Art, Ostend, Belgium Art Project, DiverseWorks Art Space, Houston Temporal Mood, Barbara Davis Gallery, Houston Rituals, Academy of Arts in Berlin, Germany
Additionally, Surface has a touch cover that represents a "step forward in human-computer interface", sensing keystrokes and gestures better than ever.
A few months ago, in a webzine he linked the films  together saying, Shakti was a  "highly recommended film to watch for all real Hindi film fans and yes the film is so much better than the clash between Pacino and De Nero in Heat!"
10 Reasons Friendsgiving is Better Than Thanksgiving
After 30 pitches up the El Capitan route The Shield, our Marathon Pro looked far better than either one of our haggard testers.
3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the figure of his substance, and upholding all things by the word of his power, making purgation of sins, sitteth on the right hand of the majesty on high, 4 being made so much better than the Angels, as he hath inherited a more excellent name than they.
According to OmniVision, the resolution isn't the only thing determining image quality, since the output itself is touted to be ultimately better than its previous webcams of similar resolution, boasting better low light performance compared to its predecessors alongside support for fully automatic exposure, gamma and white balance.
3) Panettone Bread Pudding with Cherry Lambic Sorbetto - Undoubtedly better than the poor versions served at Lindey's and Deepwood, this dessert was actually quite tasty.
AbbVie and Enanta Pharmaceuticals' hepatitis C drug cocktail is much better than older medications from Merck and Vertex Pharmaceuticals and comparable to Gilead Sciences' new cocktail.
Address you to me while I remain in Dublin, "Imperial Hotel, Sackville Street"; that will be better than "Post-Office," and I find I shall decide on continuing here during my short stay.
14. Dave Concepcion SS (14) - Better than I realized, and was really hurt by the 1981 strike, which occurred during his best season (and a season where the Reds had the best record in baseball, but missed the playoffs).
3GS was so much better than my Moto Droid, despite similiar hardware.
After completing my master thesis, for the past one month i was learning Naiad.At first it was a bit tricky to learn those operators and later i found it to be Easier and better than Realflow as Naiad uses FLIP and DEFLIP Particles whereas Realflow uses SPH particles.Moreover the UI reminds me Houdini which has a Node Based workflow.The simple dambreak example that is provided on the Exotic matter site provides a good introduction on Naiad Bodies.
07-16-2014, 02:58 AM Black Ops Paintball THIS IS AN AWESOME FIELD...BAR FAR WAY BETTER THAN BLACK RIVER.
3 His Son is the radiance of his glory, the very image of his substance, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself made purification for our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; 4 having become so much better than the angels, as he has inherited a more excellent name than they have.
1) Ohio St Football Considering the fact that I narrowly like watching college football better than NFL paired with Ohio St being infinitely more successful than the Browns, the Buckeyes take the #1 spot by a landslide.
Actually, it's better than your main disease having Michael J Fox for a poster boy.
1. a team were such rank outsiders that their winning against opponents thought much better than them was considered out of the blue; or
2) That sounds much better than 'we were getting so much heat from fans/the press, that we had to suspend Pronger' after saying initialy we wouldn't.
A delicious, ripened cluster of difference games for the discerning soul who loves nothing better than to scour the surface of two seemingly identical pictures to advance the story and get the highest score!
3) Takanori Gomi - Sure he got beat by Nick Diaz in his last fight (no shame in losing to Diaz), but I believe that The Fireball Kid will come back better than ever.
According to head coach John Shannon, the second camp was better than the first, something he hoped to see and expected.
100% real time and it's encryption is better then any online banking system.
1-st main issue: strict CPU limits, you can't really use all memory which you get and slow support that answer you with 'templated' messages after 12hr or more of waiting even it's urgent problem(but better than HostGator).
A book written for a slightly cynical audience will be better than the many shiny new object ebooks that get released and don't really challenge conventional thinking much.
2. Do you think a line of woofers would sound better than 2 pro drivers per side?
4) Diplomacy not only works in the OWM universe (ultimately better than the CDF would really like), it has clearly worked in book one when a veteran describes the cohabitation that has been reached with several other species (notably one's than don't live in environs suitable for human habitation).
20. except on the condition that he should go as a general officer, I have believed that I could not serve my country and my superiors better than by granting to him, in the name of the very honorable Congress, the rank of Major-General, which I beg the States to confirm and ratify and to send forward his commission to enable him to take and hold rank counting from to-day, with the general officers of the same grade.
Actually, thinking about it some more, I bet these are the equivalent of the email forwards popular in the late 90s ("1000 reasons why a beer is better than a man") and before that, the cutesy answering machine messages (part of me still believes that the lyrics to Beethoven's 5th symphony are about how NO-BODY'S HOOOOME.
1. NeoVar Recomped - the ultimate product for speeding post-workout recovery and glycogen synthesis, decreasing body fat, and increasing lean mass and anabolism- NeoVar Recomped is a perfect compliment to Drive and RPM!! NeoVar Recomped includes a LARGE dose of D-Pinitol- which has been shown in several different human studies to increase glycogen and creatine storage as well or better than insulin itself.
01/03/2012: New York Times: For Neck Pain, Chiropractic and Exercise Are Better Than Drugs
1. Already a great group of coaches (who could ask for better than dacj501, jdno, jpmills3, and gvsujulius, among others??) 2.
[ 59 ] The House of the Seven Gables (1851), which poet and critic James Russell Lowell said was better than The Scarlet Letter and called "the most valuable contribution to New England history that has been made" [ 60 ] and The Blithedale Romance (1852), his only work written in the first person, [ 30 ] were written here.
1st: Bjoern Werner, DE, FSU (Assuming we don't keep Spencer) 2nd: Kawaan Short, DT, PUR (Better than Williams) 3rd: Barrett Jones, OC, ALA (I'll stick with your choice here)
After 10 days, if the speed is not consistently better than 15Mbps download, and we aren't able to improve things, you can switch back to standard ADSL at no extra charge or penalty.
37. John Henderson, DT, Jaguars: Henderson played better than Stroud in 2005 and should have been in the Pro Bowl.
A driven, intellectually curious person is always better than some dishrag partner who never has any opinion as to what movie to see or what to play on the radio.
3. the e350 has higher non-turbo frequencies than ulv arrandales, but why do you think that's crucial for 720p gaming... by that logic the 3.6Ghz pentium 4 is better suited for gaming than a 3Ghz sandy bridge cpu... which is false.
10. Which is better? 10 Scalability Data movement Transactions Latency Throughput In-database analytics Machine learning on Hadoop It depends on where the data initially stored and purposes of using the data + HDFS is useful for append-only and archiving purposes + ETL Processing (feature engineering) + RDBMS is reliable as a transactional data store
A distribution fitted to the histogram, then integrated over matches better than a given one, estimates the probability that the given match is simply a chance coincidence.
Abimelech was little better than a titular king, though he is said to reign over Israel ( Jdg 9:22 ), and perhaps his fall had for a great while rendered the title of king odious in Israel, as that of Tarquinius did among the Romans; but, if it had, by this time the odium was worn off, and some bold steps are here taken towards so great a revolution as that amounted to.
13/03/2012 Estee lauder double wear is better, thats why i have given it 4 stars in stead of 5.....I love this foundation, i heve it in color 02 and matches perfect.
(1) Despite huge Central government funding for infrastructure projects in our national capital, New Delhi as a metropolitan city is no better than Mumbai or any other metro.
29 Let it be your ambition to refute and replace your own theories: this is better than defending them, and leaving it to others to refute them.
According to NFL and COI, there must be problem specific information programmed (fron-loaded/inputed) into the search procedure in order for any selection process to produce better than chance performance ("new" information), which is exactly what an evolutionary algorithm does.
A bit artificial, as if a wit extract had been supplanted over Coors Light, but better than many American interpetations to this style.
2. Gluten-free baked everything is better frozen first (really weird).
2GB handicap?I don't understand the explaination but here it is:2GB X 4 is best due to the combination of benefits of performance, power consumption, thermal profile.The performance is ideal because groupings of four FB-DIMM allow 256 Bit memory accessThe power consumption is less because 4 FB-DIMM use 1/2 the power of 8The thermal profile is better because fewer FB-DIMM generate less heat and allow more airflow.
43) or that, in general, "it is better to present such statements as independent T-F items" (p.
2 scanners are better than one: Anti-Malware + Anti-Virus! - Not just any scanners, but a combination of two world class products - the Emsisoft Anti-Malware, and the Ikarus - Anti-Virus engine.
54) Back to Top Xinhua 'Interview': Peking Opera in Milan To Boost China-West Relations, Says Theater Head Xinhua "Interview": "Peking Opera in Milan To Boost China-West Relations, Says Theater Head" - Xinhua Wednesday June 16, 2010 21:31:36 GMT MILAN, Italy, June 16 (Xinhua) -- Theater can help improve China-West relations better than many institutional meetin gs, the director of Milan's Piccolo Theater, Sergio Escobar, told Xinhua in an interview on Wednesday.
343i shows that they know what they're doing with the Halo franchise, and do it better than Bungie has, I look forward to future titles in the series.
According to the IPCC AR4, it is "likely" that climate sensitivity lies between 2 and 4.5 degrees C per doubling of CO2, with the most likely value being around 3 degrees C. Translated, as the IPCC so conveniently does for us, that indicates a better than 66% probability given the evidence that the climate sensitivity is between 2 and 4.5 degrees.
30 Rock was better than usual so it was incredible, the Jack/Tracy scene was hilarious
1) Small bag of BBQ Pork skins (I love them) 2) Bag of pepperoni 3) Bag of sharp cheddar cubes 4) Bottle of Dasani (I love Dasani as I think it just tastes better than cheaper waters - my wife tells me I'm crazy on this point)
A 10fps 16mp hot rod of a sports and photojournalism camera which can capture low light images better than anything else expect perhaps Nikon's new D3s.
(1 roll) plastic sheeting (4 mill is better than 3 mill but you can use down to 2 mil) b 1 or 2 rolls of duct tape c A battery powered radio or TV to check for OFFICIAL news d Important personal medications for you and your family e A flashlight or light stick .this
After 20 years of hunting the Rockies, I am convinced that big game hunting in Colorado is better than ever.
After all, there is nothing better than surrounding yourself with the ones you love, even if it means exhaustion at the end of the day.
01/27/03: The Return of the Ayatollah: Washington could afford a little more attention on Iran 01/13/03: How we could lose 01/09/03: Fish are Better than Women: Gauging U.S. priorities 01/07/03: The Shape of Things to Come: The terror masters are now waiting for us 12/20/02: A Prophecy for the New Year --- Faster, please!
A best if you put together of post-Exile Stones would be vastly better than a similar one for McCartney solo, Kinks, Beach Boys, etc. It's just that runs like the Aftermath -through- Exile one are rarely approached by anyone, and it's not surprising that the Stones themselves didn't either.
[0032] Such polling technique is better indicated in cases where for whatever reason a restart or a check of the whole access net work or at least a major part thereof is to be performed.
3. I ditched the all or nothing mentality: I know that a 10 minute walk is better than no walk, and that no walk isn't the end of the world.
4  Cower down thou must, and offer parley from the earth where thou liest; from the ruins thy voice will make itself heard, no better than a muttering from the ground, as it were some ghost that moaned there under the earth.
(1) Some people either are (a) immutably homosexual in their inclinations, (b) identify themselves as gay or lesbians, or (c) have concluded, after due reflection, that a union with a person of the same sex is better for them than celibacy or a heterosexual union.
Advantage BF: for the slow, congested inner-city environment, especially San Francisco with its hills, the New World tourist is superior to a full-sized bike in agility, acceleration and hillclimbing, better than most in braking, and beyond all necessity in top speed.
12 If anything happened to Philip-if the operation of Fortune, who always cares for us better than we care for ourselves, were to effect this too for us-you know that if you were at hand, you could descend upon the general confusion and order everything as you wished; but in your present condition, even if circumstances offered you Amphipolis, you could not take it; for your forces and your minds alike are far away.
5:48), not in order to be "better than" anyone else, but in order to be agents of God's grace and reconciliation as his rule and reign become more pervasive in the creation he is restoring.
1. Know Your Dog - You know your Mini Schnauzer better than anyone else: his funny habits, moods, likes, dislikes... so use this info when choosing the time and place to photograph your dog.
A far cry from the painfully slow and boring gunplay of Reach, and easily as good as [if not better than] Halo 3. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, this game's multiplayer is quite easily the best in the series since the golden era of Halo 2. The only thing that stopped me from giving it a ten is the fact that sprint as a default for all players has rended the game somewhat more chaotic.
A Fool Such As I B000025YB0 Bob Dylan Columbia A Fool Such As I Welcome A Lot Better than I Thought it Would Be Almost universally disparaged and dismissed as the worst ever Dylan album, this 1973 collection of covers recorded in 1969/70 during the Self Portrait and New Morning sessions is actually not at all bad.
1. Doing a few loads of laundry one at a time is so much better than letting them pile up and have to do laundry all day.
3) A short fixation of the original is better for the memory-after-image, a long one for the ordinary after-image.
After graduating from Bryn Mawr, Meadow studied at Yale School of Drama, where as the only woman director, she felt she "had to be three times better than the best male student."
According to this notion, the fountain is the right ventricle of the heart, which is now acknowledged to be the spring of life; and the pitcher is the veins which convey the blood from it to other parts, and especially that arterious vein by which it is transmitted to the lungs, and thence to the left ventricle, where it is better elaborated, and then thrust out into the great artery, called the Aorta, and by its branches dispersed into all the parts of the body.
08 UD rookie jersey:Henne,Johnson,Keller,McFaddin,Jones,Sweed,Forte.08 UD Icons rookies(too many to list).08 silver parallel(too many to list.08 Bowman Chrome#56-58-65-66-72-75-86-98-103-105-109-169-197.PM is better
1:21... Moroccan Cock BIGGER and BETTER Than Black Dick .
According to a study by SRI International for the US Department of education, "on average, students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face-to-face instruction."
[ 10 ] Schumann also once said that "we must not show our heart to the world: a general impression of a work of art is better; at least, no preposterous comparisons can then be made."
A few 3 stars (better than average, including the infamous LS) and only the two club DJ electric jams less than average (not my thing).
1 - He did tab transcriptions of music for Guitar Techniques magazine for a living for a long time. 2 - He claims he can write standard notation much better than he can read it.
(6) Coming to the rescue of two coppers who handle donuts better than they do their own pistols, and who are caught in the middle of an alien invasion that would make H. G. Wells' copyright holders spin in their respective graves.
After all, what can deter a young person from crime better than the thought of having MEETINGS with probation officers or - worst of all - Youth Justice Panels!
Adter taking a backseat to both Toyota and GM (and it's Volt car due in 2010), Ford has been catching up on "electrifying" headlines after announcing that its 2010 Fusion Hybrid, on sale in April, gets 41 mpg in city driving, six mpg better than the Toyota Camry Hybrid and 15 mpg better than Chevy Malibu Hybrid.
16.$ A.K.A. Cash Rules This is a little better than most of the average joints on here, it's kinda slow, the hook is pretty dope I think that's the best part about the song, Bronze comes through lyrically as he usually does.
1) Name a hobby of yours Birding 2) What would your dream job be Working for myself 3.14) What is your favorite flavor of pie My own homemade apple pie 4) Coolest Natural wonder that you've seen Grand Canyon 5) A skill which you wish you had Car repair 6) What do you like about the Fun and Games forum I like the Fun better than the Games 7) Which day of the week is your favorite Saturday 8) Favorite Movie series Star Wars 4, 5 & 6
[521] Then Maia's son nodded his head and promised that he would never steal anything of all the Far-shooter possessed, and would never go near his strong house; but Apollo, son of Leto, swore to be fellow and friend to Hermes, vowing that he would love no other among the immortals, neither god nor man sprung from Zeus, better than Hermes: and the Father sent forth an eagle in confirmation.
After a George W. Bush -bashing speech from Edwards, producer Chris Moore somewhat sheepishly asked Edwards to explain why he is any better than the other eight Democrats running for president.
10  For a day in Your courts is better than a thousand [anywhere else]; I would rather stand [as a doorkeeper] at the threshold of the house of my God Than to live [at ease] in the tents of wickedness.
A child who feels he or she has a strong safety net at home is better equipped to try new things and to grow and develop in healthy ways.
;A; And my Gourmet Judge looks sooooo much better than that original blob of a clown-face!
[0182] Comparing the surface area utilization efficiency calculated from the ratio of ECAS area to the theoretical surface area, CNT-textile-Pt was two orders better than the carbon cloth-Pt (53.6% vs. 0.4%).
1960 Red Slides 1-Popeye-Popeye To The Rescue 2-Three Stooges-Moon Man Moe 3-Yogi Bear-All At Sea 4-Woody Woodpecker-Go, Go, Goat! 5-Huckleberry Hound-Jinks' Surprise 6-Quick Draw McGraw-Two Heads are Better Than One 7-Oswald-Bug Game Hunter 8-Buffalo Bill-Sknis the Thieves 9-Wild Bill Hickock-Deadly Ambush 10-Kit Carson-Indian Attack 11-Maverick-Take a Gamble 12-Wyatt Earp-Gunman's Choice 13-Annie Oakley-Shoot-Out 14-Classics-Hansel & Gretel 15-Classics-Pinocchio 16-Classics-Cinderella
After an immediate backlash, he clarified his statement to make more sense: that LeBron has the physical gifts and basketball instincts-the potential-to be better than Jordan.
A friend of mine has 2010 x.7s on his GF and they were better than my 2011s, but he is upgrading to x.0s also, because the difference is night and day.
6 Months of Rehab...3 times a week,plus 2 days of pool therapy...My knee is better then what the factor gave me...Oh and a year of slowly working the wake again.
1) The Xbox 360 Live online service is better than the PS3's - it'll give you more appropriate match-ups, more info on your opponents and a more consistent experience on different games.
163 ( actually 1 fewer ) Supernova were reported in 1998 (163 last year ), 35 in NGC and IC galaxies (29 last year), 54 better than 18th Mag (36 last year).
8)built in one rechargeable polymer battery (better than lithium battery (1000-1300MAH)) 9)DC 12v,charged by AC charger or car charger 10)two track high quality sound output forconnecting earphone 11)voice navigation 12)support WINCE AND PDA SYSTEM 13)AUDIO player support:mp3,wav,MID,DAT,ASX 14)video player support :MP4.AVI,ASF,WMV,SEF 15)photo browser support:jpg,PNG,GIF,BMP 16)SUPPORTS BOTH OF LCD AND CVBS display 17)support sd card navigation software up to 4gb 18)support txt format E-BOOK 19)Support multi countries E-MAP, equipped with navigation system and maps 20)support multi language :english, german,italian,spanish,french,nederlands,denish,greece ... read more
4) One last suggestion for those without transportation - most of the resorts have some advertisements/solicitations distributed regarding pizza delivery by third party restaurants.... most of these restaurants also will provide 2-liters of pop with their delivery service, and, while inflated, a $3 or $4 2-liter is still better than the basic Disney pricing......
After almost a decade at the highest level in Europe, Milton-Jones is better placed than most to comment on how EuroLeague Women has evolved as a competition and as far as she is concerned it's all good.
(4) Church historians close to the era who treated the Arian controversy (Socrates Scholasticus, Sozomen, Theodoret of Cyrrhus) must be treated with suspicion because modern research is better able to reconstruct the "truth" of the matter than these "undoubtedly" biased reporters.
After Chinese New Year, domestic broiler price remained stable from January at Bt44/kg in February, better than consensus forecast at Bt42/kg.
01 - Tryna Fall Asleep Intro 02 - Insomnia 03 - Ambien Nights 04 - Regret 05 - Put It In Feat Blake Kelly 06 - Zzzz S Interlude 07 - Lullaby 08 - Quarter Century 09 - Intoxicated 10 - Morning After 11 - Better Than Good Enough 12 - Dumb Dumb Interlude 13 - Heart Killer 14 - Fight For Love 15 - Man Cry 16 - Unappreciated
3) Larry Semon & Oliver Hardy comedy "GOLF" has been released on the Passport Stan Laurel or Oliver Hardy collection, but again this copy is better.
4. Their plans are better than ours are: Gwyneth Paltrow , Chris Martin , Jay-Z , and Beyoncé will all be in Las Vegas for New Year's Eve at the "record-breaking" $25 million party thrown at the new Cosmopolitan Hotel.
After all, the fishing IS better over at Long Pond.
According to the Ohio Department of Education, if students show better than expected growth in specific subjects for two consecutive years, their district's rating is raised one level.
A 5 1/4" woofer should be minimum but none may fit - you might need to go to a 4" model Look for a wood or metal cabinet - more rigid / usually sound better than plastic speakers You may need to look at metal indoor / outdoor speakers - they tend to be smaller If there is a port, it should face forward so the sound isn't trapped behind the speaker Bass will require sub - for a super budget sub look at Amazon's Polk subs - OK for $100
"Ace in the Hole" (Dennis Adkins) 20. "Love Without End, Amen" (Barker) 21. "I've Come to Expect It From You" (Dillon, Buddy Cannon) 22. "If I Know Me" (Dillon, Pam Belford) 23. "You Know Me Better Than That" (Tony Haselden, Anna Lisa Graham) 24.
1 And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and spake with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying, 2 Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better for you that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are threescore and ten persons, rule over you, or that one rule over you?
3/8 is better for your larger size, but factory used 5/16.
After hearing many of you guys voice in on my Q&A with Reggie and being extremely pleased at the feedback I recieved from all of you, but was still weary at the being better than Patrick comment.
1) Herm's draft last year, top to bottom, was FAR better than what we're used to from Vermeil.
1813 Moctar Bamba National Organiser of the NPP sounds emotive and in a reaction to the Deputy Information Minister says the NPP has done far better than what the minister would have the world believe.
1 1/2 pounds ground beef 1 medium onion, diced 4 cloves garlic, minced 1 (28 ounce) can whole tomatoes, coarsely chopped (undrained) 1 (16 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce 4 teaspoons chicken Better Than Bouillon (or 4 chicken bouillon cubes) see below 2 teaspoons beef Better Than Bouillon (or 2 beef bouillon cubes) see below 6 cups water 1 teaspoon oregano 1 teaspoon basil 1/2 teaspoon thyme 1 bay leaf 1/2 box lasagna noodles, broken into pieces ricotta cheese for garnish shredded mozzarella cheese for garnish
1. Costco ( NASDAQ: COST     ) When it comes to treating your workers well, perhaps no one does it better than Costco.
1. "After five years of grit and determined effort, the United States is better-positioned for the 21st century than any other nation on Earth."
06/23/2013 - mary my dog could cook better than the people at this place...the green bean's are out of a can...no salt or pepper use to flavor the food...with all the farm's in the area...you would think they would have fresh veggies...I think all of the food is either canned or frozen...this is the only place that is close bye that a group of people can go to...if their was another place that a group of people could go to.
About: Designed by world-renowned Italian architect Renzo Piano and currently cruising out of Brisbane year-round, Pacific Dawn has just emerged from her recent dry dock looking better than ever.
02-26-2008, 08:13 PM Angel Paintball Sports WDP 08 Airtime Pants Absolutly love the look of these pant and fit me better than JT, Empire, and Dye pants ever have, while still being the most flexible of them all, some bemoan the lack of pads, but for me that is a...
26. Chargers vs. 49ers San Diego hoping this goes better than Super Bowl XXIX did.
12:00pm: Passengers expressed views that the speed of the train makes the journey better than road one.
According to a stack of papers and personal letters he handed to me, Suburban Golf , an occasional insert in the suburban New York-based Journal News , thinks Trump National Golf Club is better than Winged Foot.
-- 60 wins is a good thing but that's just like saying Lebron scoring a 100 in a game... but never winning a championship.. which one is better....
1) Hard to believe Johnson projects better than Swisher.
[0013] It is also worth mentioning that the pumping work of the two-stroke is lowest at light load and increases (although it is not as bad as a four-stroke engine) as the load increases thus suiting the real world operation of the vehicle better than a four-stroke engine.
1. How can Consumer Reports rate a 1990 Dodge Spirit V-6 ( a Mitsubishi v-6) "better than average" in both body hardware and integrity while rating the same 1990 Dodge Spirit 4 cyl (a chrysler engine) as merely "average" in the same categories?
A better than 1:25 ratio of my time expended on unnecessary issues that don't advance my productivity one iota is a pretty compelling argument to me personally for holding my nose and coping with the walled garden.
According to Mining Journal , the aggregate data from five initial community forums held in September indicated the company is meeting or exceeding expectations in all five survey areas: environmental performance; local hire; safety; transparency and communication; and "leave more wood on the woodpile," which refers to the desire for the company to leave the community better than before.
[0074] In some implementations, a 4-way merge may perform better than either 2,3 or 5,6 and 7 way merges with a number of sampling points fixed to be 3125 (5 5 ).
.1 don't know if that is better than 50th reunion or not!
2008 Big 12 Champion Hollie Vise (also the 2003 World Champion on bars) is back and better than ever.
3) Staying in the jungle is generally better than staying directly beside a point.
Adderall 30mg Which Generic Brand Is Better 167 Replies RSS Is the round pink 30 mg adderal generic name Sandoz/Eon with the markings of CDR 136 on one side more or less effective than the oval orange 30 mg adderal generic name Barr/Teva with the markings of b974 on one side and 30 on the other side?
Actually I really like the new browser so much better than the old one that most likely won't install any 3rd party to save on some space.
#3) Honestly, at the time I wrote it, I couldn't think of anything better than "everything but the kitchen sink" for that part of the review, and in a vain attempt to avoid a cliche, I decided to work in a little German lingo as per reasons #1 and #2.
After all, if he winds up pitching for the rest of the season like he has, thus far, he's going to throw 185-200 innings, win 14-16 games with an ERA at better than league average, have an opportunity to win another World Series, and get rewarded with another $10mil in 2010.
4, Although "provoked and unprovoked" seizures are not easy to be understood, sometimes there is no clear boundary between them; we could hardly give another word which is much better than "Provoked" to describe the characteristics of seizure, and this word has been used for long time, so we accept this word to be used in the definition.
19-year-old Hugo Pierre Leclercq is better known as his electro-house DJ name, Madeon, and is rapidly garnering international fame and acclaim for his unique style of electronic music.
19ADD was a better than average art-rock/progressive metal act.
about school...i get to go online for it, but me and my uncle planned it out...so after school work is done im only gonna be able to get on for real with everyone for an hour so i wont have MUCH time here, idk, but i guess thats fine, little time is better than no time at all well i guess this is all i got for now, i cant say...
A better than expected weather has been predicted for the capital's festivities, with forecasters saying there is a chance the city could escape downpours like those which drenched Edinburgh yesterday.
9. With John Edwards out of the race and the nation deciding a vague promise of change is much better than a truly progressive candidate, I've decided to go the opposite route and vote for Ralph Wiggum.
2. The gui should strengthen the weakness of R. Obviously, only a fool would spend time to programe GUI for plotting functions of R! So, i don't think it is necessary to create GUI for R on data analysis - the logic of data analysis is much much better than that of SPSS, why put constraint on R from SPSS!?
1 Kings 19:4 and he himself hath gone into the wilderness a day's Journey, and cometh and sitteth under a certain retem-tree, and desireth his soul to die, and saith, 'Enough, now, O Jehovah, take my soul, for I 'am' not better than my fathers.' (YLT)
Add in the deer, monkeys, crocodiles, wild boar and other large mammalian species and the Indian Subcontinent is regarded as even better than Africa!
3) Collateral credit risk: A shift towards holding collateral of better credit quality, or better than expected credit performance of the underlying assets collateralizing the transaction, can lead to positive CLO performance.
(1) all of the internally incorporated compounds resulted in fibers having antimicrobial activity as good as or better than the topically applied compound;
Add a Chihuahua, some crazy grandparents, and a hot pool-hall boy named Chris...and maybe the journey to the party will end up being better than the party itself...
2) Yes I do think Jasper was telling the truth because a) all of the cullen men are vampires in love and b) even in they did take Edward to see strippers or something along those lines, would Edward stay? oh please, Edward is way better than that, he would leave immediately and probably come back to Bella's after she was asleep.
# 11/20 20:11 I propose an X Prize for condoms that feel better than real.
2. For eBusiness & Channel Strategy Professionals November 14, 2008 Topic Overview: eBusiness And The Economy by Sucharita Mulpuru with Carrie Johnson and Brendan McGowan ExECuT i v E S u M MA ry The silver lining in the cloud of the global recession is that Web businesses are certain to fare better than their offline counterparts as consumers continue to shift their daily activities online.
[ 3 ] The Heteroioumena by Nicander of Colophon is better known, and clearly an influence on the poem - 21 of the stories from this work were treated in the Metamorphoses .
8. Don Newcombe (10-4-6, PHoM 1997 9. Elston Howard (11-3-5, PHoM 1994)-2 guys who missed more opportunities than anybody, Newk coulda been Robin Roberts, for Howard the comp is somewhere between Freehan and Cochrane; Newk was +3 WS per year better than the median "ace" which puts him in Stieb territory even without any MiL (integration) or Korea (military) credit, both of which he obviously deserves; Howard is +61 WS versus the median AL catcher
1 box chocolate fudge cake mix (I used SuperMoist's Triple Chocolate Fudge, but any chocolate kind with pudding in it works - the fudge is definitely better than Devil's Food, promise!)
1- Using your points for cruises, adventures, Disney collection is not the best use of points...costs too many points (for example it is better to rent your points and use that money towards cruise)...you can use resale points for RCI.
Abbott performs better than Perry in head-to-head matchups against four prominent Democrats: former Houston Mayor Bill White, current Houston Mayor Annise Parker, San Antonio Mayor Julián Castro and state Sen. Wendy Davis , D-Fort Worth.
6MM LENS IN ACTION PLEASE WATCH IN 720 OR 1080P 6MM MODIFIED GOPRO 3D VERSION FLAT LENS 8MM LENS COMPARISON TO STOCK FISH EYE LENSES SHOWING ZOOM NOW IF YOU HUNT YOU CAN SEE THE KILL CAUGHT ON VIDEO MUCH BETTER THAN THE FISH EYE NIGHT VISION GHOST HUNTER INFRARED SENSITIVE CONVERSION LENS FOR GOPRO CAN ALSO BE USED WITH THIS CAMERA HIGHEST QUALITY 5.4MM FLAT LENS AVAILABLE FOR THE SHARPEST IMAGE ON ANY MINI HD CAMERA HOW TO CHANGE THE LENS ON THE HERO2 CAMERA 4.1MM FLAT LENS WIDE ANGLE VIEW NO
19:58 PowerDiver wrote: I'd take Thalkettoth over armor of resistance, so I think it is a close decision, but Arvedui is better.
A boy in the class asked Doar, "Did you ever agree that white people are better than black people?" "No, do you?"
3   In settled weather fine days are the most salubrious, rainy better than foggy or cloudy days; and in winter the best days are those in which there is an entire absence of wind, in summer those in which westerly winds blow.
19. Girls Are Better Than Boys - Pop/R&B (Bruce Elliott-Smith/Peter Wright) Catchy mid-tempo pop/R&B track suitable for a girl group or solo female artist.
Add my memory for things I've read or heard, which I will admit is better than most people's, and I wind up looking much smarter than I actually am.
Actually, it seems to depend.In my experience: A bell will move most Euro tourists better than your voice.
3. Turn off Feedback 4. Turn off Wifi unless you know you can connect to a hotspot as wiFi searching drains battery quickly, however keep wifi on when u have it as it is better than LTE (power) 5. Disable Wifi notification in advanced Wifi Setting 6. Set your mailbox inbox sync settings to something comfortable for you.
#48 Jimmie Johnson (last years champ) #99 Carl Edwards (will teach the stars back-flip techniques) #12 Ryan Newman (not making much noise this year) #9 Kasey Kahne (making noise, but the noise has been him hitting the wall) #2 Kurt Busch (his brother is better) #26 Jamie McMurray (last year vowed to not buy his tools at Home Depot after Tony Stewart crashed him out of a race)
Actually, I like Apple and Moses and maybe even Peanut better than Moroccan!! Maybe they'll "wake up" and change the names before it goes too far/long?? (crossing fingers...)
2:14 FUCK u to ur first point and amen to ur third star wars was a great movie @ least the new ones were the old ones are mad geeky but the new ones are stories of politics plotting deception romance and action I swear the phantom menace has to be the greatest movie ever I have seen no movie better than that as for star trek yea the show was geeky but I saw the movie the other day and my god it was great and I kinda knew what they were talking about cause its pop culture
18. Hadoop Cluster Specifications for Linux and SmartOS SmartOS cluster was using CPU much more efficiently and was able to utilize larger number of Hadoop mappers and reducers, key configuration parameters for Hadoop: Operating System Base Memory Image CPUs Nodes (Virtual Instances) Input Size Run time (seconds, lower is better) Mappers Reducers io.sort.mb
2; while the participle "brought into bond-service" reproduces the notion expressed by the words, "is no better than a bond-servant," of ver. 1.
A drug that reduces high blood pressure in people with a form of the disease that's common later in life also cuts their risk of stroke and death, and does it better than another hypertension drug, a new study finds.
ACCORDING to the feedback of Tuesday's finale performance, DAVID ARCHULETA did much much better than David Cook..yehhhhhhhh!!!!! oh oh... on the other hand, I hope I didnt offend any David Cook's fans out here... sorry guys, I m just TOO after reading the comments from the judges especially from Simon Cowell.
2.) He thinks that because he won election that he does know better than everybody else (which pertains to a concern of yours and Timin's, I think), and consequently will not listen to any argument from the opposition, regardless of its merits.
2. Mic: Microphone quality is, again, better than what i would've expected for the price.
#1 - took some newbies out w/me just before dusk on a lovely Summer's eve, for their first-ever trailride... Misjudged our time on the trail and ended up coming home in the pitchblack trusting my TB could see better than I could and knew his way home.
Actually Satan used to be very obedient and pious Creations of ILLH with their arch Satan has a very good name 'Azazil' (Lucifer), which is better name than the current archangel, Jibril (Gibrael).
After all the turmoil that this team had gone through-- the goalie carousel, the coaching change, winning on the last day in a shootout-- the Flyers were much better than a seventh seed in the Eastern Conference and it showed as they were within two games of winning a Stanley Cup.
17th May is the most important day of the year, better than Christmas, birthday and Eurovision put together.
17.He trained and master Sage Mode in a fraction of the time it took Jiraiya and mastered it better than he did.
9 Image quality metrics improvements and SNR increase that are better than those of 50-frame averaged images, as processed by the system, are achieved.
Across the globe, huge advertising budgets are spent to convince women that their breasts are not good enough, that nursing is hard, and that it is better and more convenient to bottle-feed their babies.
[ 19 ] He notes that human extinction is unavoidable, and that it is better to become extinct soon to avoid causing the extinction of other animals.
2) Anarchy (State of Nature) : Life with no gov (gangs + private security can be like a gov) 3) Hobbes (1588) : State of nature so bad, even a dictator (monarch) is better.
10. Indiana is vulnerable There are valid excuses for the Hoosiers' uninspiring play at the Legends Classic in Brooklyn - Cody Zeller was sick, the opponents were better than anyone thought - but the fact remains that they barely beat Georgia and barely barely beat Georgetown in overtime.
A few days ago, Erica wrote the following in a post about her toddler: "Tornado Tyler has taught me life doesn't always turn out the way you thought it would, it can be better than you ever imagined."
7 Behold Menacrus my son is grown up, let him reign over you, for it is better for you to serve the son of your lord, than to serve a stranger, a slave of the king of Egypt.
2nd string: PG Will Bynum The thrill, nuff said SG Tracy Mcgrady once a super star all we need is about half of that SF Austin Daye Had a great showing in the summer league, excellent scorer PF Charlie V. Better than you think, much better C Greg Monroe Perfect fit for the Pistons, sky is the limit.
2. Hooters (Tropicana Casino) - what's better than great wings, beautiful servers and ice cold beverages for the Super Bowl?  Exactly, choose from either location in Atlantic City.
[ 13 ] A 2012 review concluded that among 10 atypical antipsychotics, only clozapine, olanzapine, and risperidone were better than first generation antipsychotics.
2. Dusk Maiden of Amnesia - Didn't watch the show yet but I know that this anime is WAY better than SAO.
(1) Now, therefore, that we have spoken of this fruit of life, it remaineth to speak of the husbandry that belongeth thereunto, without which part the former seemeth to be no better than a fair image or statue, which is beautiful to contemplate, but is without life and motion; whereunto Aristotle himself subscribeth in these words: Necesse est scilicet de virtute dicere, et quid sit, et ex quibus gignatur.
39-6 O(log n) O(n) O(n log n) O(n2) O(n3) O(2n) Using graphs to compare Big O values: Let's compare just two of the Big O values above so we can get a sense of why one is better than the other.
(10:33am EST Thu Jun 20 2002) what the hell is going on with this rambus is better than ddr discussion? this news item has nothing to do with one being better than the other, i never said that ddr was superior READ my post.
Additionally, using electric tea lights is better than using candles, as the heat from the candles will shorten the pumpkin's life; if you must use candles, cutting vent holes in the back of the pumpkin can help the heat escape.
16 Tony and Brian gs: Marc Anthony Danza: Brian is better, and Tony wants to adopt the orphaned boy.
According to Jebbs adaptation which calls the gods "keen of thought," it almost to depict Oedipus as better than them.
"After all the hits I'd taken the previous year, after all the junk that had gone on, after not getting any talent better than Nate Driggers, it was tough," he said.
[ 10 ] This was perceived better than the TV drama version, with many saying that Aragaki Yui and Miura Haruma were the perfect fit for Mika and Hiro.
(a) 1. Starman by James Robinson - Nothing has defined my relationship with my family better than this.
[0026] That is, even in a case in which two or more film deposition portions forming separate films are adjacent, as the configuration is such that film depositions using similar gases are adjacent, as in the configuration according to the first aspect of the invention, film deposition is possible even with no boundary, but the film quality of each layer is better with adjacent film deposition chambers in communication with each other via slits.
2. Anything (Including Death) is Better Than Being Disabled In movie universes, there are two ways to get disabled: Either you get a sweet superpower out of it, like Daredevil, or it makes you absolutely miserable for the rest of your life.
(Adds comments, closing share price) By Rina Chandran MUMBAI, Jan 31 (Reuters) - Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. , India's top tractor and utility vehicle maker, posted a better-than-expected 75 percent rise in quarterly profit on Tuesday, sending its shares surging to a record high.
5) Tampa Bay (55-107) The Devil Rays will be a better team, yet still lose 8 more games than last year, as the overall division is better and the unbalanced schedule kills them.
After eating at Luger's they acknowledged that it was better than "Frankie and Johnny's", "Smith & Wollensky's", "Ruth's Chris" "The Palm"or any other steakhouse we had tried in NYC.
Adelina deserves her TES because her jumps were the biggest of all the ladies that evening, she managed to control them too, her spins were fast, positions good, her program was complex and difficult, she skated almost flawlessly, better than Hanyu.
59 percent of Jews said they wanted Jews to be given preference in admission to public employment, 50% wanted the state to generally treat Jews better than Arabs, and over 40% wanted separate housing for Jews and Arabs.
2.     Regional/ District hospitals dedicated to Infectious Disease, Primary care, Maternal and child health and Prevention - Instead of setting up large tertiary centers and medical colleges in urban areas that compete with private enterprise; public health is better served by the ramping up mid-size district hospitals that are equipped to treat and respond to acute care.
(A few, without any prompting, declared it "better than Jazz in the Garden ," which kicks off this Friday.)
Adam Buxton and Joe Cornish have been one of the UK's funniest and most subversive comedy acts since they burst onto the TV scene with their unique brand of ramshackle nonsense in the late '90s, and their podcasts are even better than the show was, especially since moving from XFM to BBC 6 Music.
A few moments later the Bharaputras shrank to the lower half of the middle third, and above them another couple in duress appeared-Baron and Baronne Dine, Miles recognised, a minor but still very nasty gene-house-then others, Hartman, Cosano, Alsuda, Bushry, Holding, and dozens more, eventually including a baronne-less Georish Stauber, Baron Fell, an arms-dealer better than most and Rowan's half-uncle.
[6] The word "Hell" was used four times in The Original Series , the other three being " Space Seed ", when Kirk quotes Milton, " It is better to rule in Hell than serve in Heaven ", " The Alternative Factor ", when Lazarus tells his counterpart, " I'll chase you into the very fires of hell! ", and " The Doomsday Machine ", when Decker describes the berserker as "right out of hell."
After a certain point, the take home percentage becomes small enough where the entrepreneur is better off just enjoying some leisure.
107SS2009: The US F1 race goers (paying attendance) deserves better than that, more so with the grid being down to 18 cars, the sporting rules should not allow such things/practices as it is not only not fair on F1 followers but neither in the spirit of the sporting rules.
1) Let Us Pray/Call For The Priest 2) Running Wild 3) Tyrant 4) Sinner 5) Ram It Down 6) Locked In 7) Starbreaker 8) Raw Deal 9) Freewheel Burning 10) Sola Angels 11) Angel 12) Dreamer Deceiver/Deceiver 13) Demonizer 14) Beyond The Realms Of Death 15) Here Comes The Tears 16) Better By You Better Than Me 17) Exciter 18) Blood Staind
After Adam Cole retained his title, Matt Hardy cut a heel promo on Adam Cole saying that he was better than Cole at Cole's age and he is better than Cole now.
Admittedly he will say himself, he is better suited for the stage, and there was no way to do the film without him, but I've seen no mention of this anywhere....just wondering if I'm losing my mind?
1) substitution of the personal property tax list information for eighteen counties 2) the author, John Vogt has been reading Virginia handwriting for a bout a hundred years (well not really, but you would think so) and reads it much better than a person paid to index so many names a second.
According to Avaya officials, the company's SYSTIMAX GigaSPEED XL Solution, available since April 2002, guarantees electrical performance that is 400 percent better than the Category 6 standards.
15 Mason Pond Pl The Woodlands TX Real Estate MLS # 84570386 BETTER THAN NEW Darling Home thats Close to Market Street with Loads of Upgrades Inside and Out!!
Actually, the "Inferno" outpost looked a lot... better than the Antarctic outpost.
After 54 weeks of treatment, the percentage improvement in the Health Assessment Questionnaire was strikingly better than at baseline in both treatment groups [ 84 ].
2012-11-30 Only One in Three Israelis Think Israel Benefited from Gaza Conflict In the aftermath of November's round of fighting with Hamas and other groups in the Gaza Strip, only 36% of Israelis think that Israel is better off than it was before the escalation, while a majority feel Israel is either about the same (38%) or worse off (21%), finds a new University of Maryland poll.
100Watt bulbs will always be better than any 55watt thats why you reckon the Mtec Cosmos were better than or the same as the osram Night Breaker plus, because you had 100watt versions of the Mtec Cosmos bulbs fitted but compare again when you have fitted the 55watt road legal Mtec cosmos bulbs
27-year-old Rutherford, who clinched a surprise gold in the long jump in London, will hope to go one better than he managed in the last Commonwealth Games in Delhi where he picked a silver medal.
According to the specs, the battery should be good for around 350-380 shots (according to the standard CIPA testing methodology which doesn't necessarily reflect real-world figures but does allow comparisons between cameras), which is roughly the same as you'd get from most DSLRs in live view mode (and - being a bigger battery - is a little better than the Olympus E-P1).
(About 900 King Sites) You ll get an intension to bare all other sites participating in Adult Empire that there are similar and quite often even better than the current one.
[0049] In accordance with the exemplary embodiments of this invention a separate search threshold is used to trigger the UE 10 to search for cells in measured CCs in the case where the serving cell (or primary carrier cell, or special cell, or another specified cell) becomes better than the threshold.
4) Arrested Development: Possibly the best cast for a comedy ever: Jason Bateman, Jeffrey Tambor, Will Arnett, Michael Cera, Portia di Rossi, David Cross, Alia Shakwat, Tony Hale, and Jessica Walter portrayed a dysfunctional family better than anyone else.
2. How is reading fiction on paper better than reading history, news, etc over the web?
5. Overall Rating Minifigs - 7/10, nothing really new and Trace-Lite could use a better torso, but better than the average City set Parts - 7.5/10 - a nice mix of colours and pieces with some rarer pieces such as the silver cheese Build - 7/10 a fun, quick, classic-style little build for both the ice-cream stand and the plane Overall - 7/10 - hardly essential, but a nice set nonetheless
@Adan Ova: I am at the Mint-Debian (XFCE) step of your progression through the distributions, and I enjoy each better than the one before.
A dedicated camera is better for low light photography (still Nokia's weakness, though the N95's night mode generates the best dark room photos to date on a Nokia phone).
A clear coat of silicone spray to shine her up and bam she was looking better than ever.
1) This one looked and felt 100x better than the 1st one right off the bat, which I found later in the credits it was dir by Simon West.
#6, I'll give you a short list of who is better than Manny in that division right now: B.J. Penn, Stevenson, Sherk, Florian, Huerta, Guida, Diaz, Maynard, Edgar, Neer, Lauzon, Miller, Gurgel, the list goes on and on and on.
Accordingly, it will be understood that the ability to provide a cold rolled a-13 titanium alloy in a continuous coil form (Ti-6Al-4V is typically produced in standard sheet sizes of 36×96 inches and 48×120 inches) having mechanical properties similar to or better than Ti-6Al-4V is a substantial improvement.
2012 Alex Smith will be better than 2011 Alex Smith.
8 Are you better than [ g ] No-amon, Which was situated by the waters of the Nile, With water surrounding her, Whose rampart was [ h ] the sea, Whose wall consisted of [ i ] the sea? 9  Ethiopia was her might, And Egypt too, without limits.
518 or 523 Tier gear, trinkets, etc. are certainly going to be better than 522 Valor items or craftables.
[5] A friend in the theatrical business tells me that from the box-office point of view, Washington is now the best theatre-town, concert-town and general-amusement town in the United States, far better than New York.
16 min City fans blasting out Blue Moon which sounds a darn sight better than Amore earlier.
A carefully orchestrated death match is way better than spending too much time with an ex girlfriend.
A country which had the courage to stop Menzies banning the Communist party should be better than 18C.
12.53pm: We've been fortunate over the last decade because of the rise of China , Nasser says, "plus some very good policy settings for some decades" meant Australia had done better than the rest of the world.
1) you cant make a trade for boozer just because the team would be "exciting to watch" 2) Thabo is starting for a contender why would he want to come off the bench for a barely playoff team? 3) robinson is better than lucas, but he's only embracing the backup role in chicago because rose is an elite player.
[1]  Churchill was fond of saying that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others, but by democracy he surely meant something better than this.
4 , APRIL 2005 ISI-Free Pulses with Reduced Sensitivity the linear combination of two ISI free pulses, the Raised Cosine (RC) and the recently proposed Better Than there is a need for pulses that are ISI free and at the same time have low sensitivity to timing errors.
11. Buffalo Tom, "Skins" - Much better than their last one, "Three Easy Pieces," and it felt like something out of their 1990s heyday (in a good way, not in an overly retro way).
4 ... Mike Chanenchuk had his first hat trick as a Terp and added an assist to total four points in last season's game at Colgate 3 ... Three Terps - Niko Amato, Jesse Bernhardt and John Haus - were named to the 2013 All-ACC team. 2 ... Maryland has shot better than 50 percent in two games in 2013. 1 ... John Haus needs one point to become the first full-time midfielder to score 100 career points since Bill McGlone hit that milestone in 2006.
47 And moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord King David, saying, 'God make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than thy throne.'
224: "This is at least better than the time CBS yanked Decipher, Inc.'s license to publish the Star Trek Communicator....because I don't have to wait two years to get the back issues I was owed.
3. Will you increase funding to special education, and improve special education programs so that less parents have to "opt out" of sending their special needs children to public school because "homeschooling" is better than "no schooling?"
According to media reports, louis vuitton outlet Blake lively day wearing a bud silk fashion class evening dress, hands with crystal rose pattern illuminative gauze, the black look better than ever grace, a random thoughts.
3D Rendering Performance Maya 4.0.1 (Rendered Images per Hour - Greater is Better)
#16 - New York Knicks This ranking might be because my friend Eric keeps telling me how the Knicks will be a Eastern Conference powerhouse and so much better than the Bulls (and is also responsible for the Bulls being ranked higher).
After all, a $10 Quartz movement keeps time every bit as good or better than a truly fancy analog mechanism tucked inside a diamond-encrusted casing.
007 ( visu ) 2 editions published in 2006 in English and held by 49 libraries worldwide The spy who loved me : Nobody does it better than Bond, and he proves it once more in this explosively entertaining adventure that takes him from the Egyptian pyramids to the ocean floor and to a gravily-defying mountaintop ski chase!
Accept that Halo 4 looks better than any other FPS exclusive other consoles are pushing, and that PS3 coming dead last in sales is due to Sony overpricing their console and MS getting the best 3rd party support.
23 studies show that couples who do premarital preparation report a higher sense of partnership , make better adjustments to married life, and resolve problems better than those who do no premarital preparation - overall marital happiness is 30% greater.
9:45 And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched: 9:46 Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
11 Tommy Bridges I don't know how I missed him before, but I like him better than Trout, and he's very close to Walters, but only just beats Shocker to a ballot place.
Accuracy was assessed by replicate analyses of certified reference materials and by participation in performance evaluation programs; the precision was better than 5% relative standard deviation (RSD) for the majority of elements.
4s image stabilization is better.
32 And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit , Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
A better than expected return from its musical "Annie Jr." last month has helped the Tecumseh Youth Theatre stay alive.
Access to machine data is better because processors on the motion card are compatible with the personal computer's operating system.
[ 104 ] Robin Wensley, a professor of strategic management, believes that Isabella's advice and guidance on household management can also be applied to business management, and her lessons on the subject have stood the test of time better than some of her advice on cooking or etiquette.
1. Weird Al declares hip-hop is dead "White and Nerdy" was supposed to be a parody, not better than the original.
2. Diving does not get much better than in the crystal-clear waters of the Indian Ocean making a holiday in the Maldives a must for all sea-life lovers
(Admittedly though, Peter Pan could fly, which would be fun and Hook didn't dress much better than Peter Pan.) Captain Hook was the first movie character that frightened me...and even at that young age I enjoyed being frightened a bit.
18. Rassweiler JJ, Schulze M, Marrero R, Frede T, Redorta JP, Bassi P. Laparoscopic nephroureterectomy for upper urinary tract transitional cell carcinoma: is it better than open surgery?
16 So it will be with the intellectual faculties, since the somewhat abler men in each grade of society succeed rather better than the less able, and consequently increase in number, if not otherwise prevented.
After a trip to our grooming salon your pet will look better than ever.
1) Fast is better than slow, 2) Simple is better than complex, 3) Assume chaos and deal with it.
1.08 PTR, Fire Bat is not better than bear and Bomb Dog
10 minutes later when I did my scythe mastery quest I was given a lvl 20 scythe as a quest reward that is probably better than the one I crafted
After age 50, a person has a better than one in three chance of developing this group of medical conditions characterized by insulin resistance and the presence of obesity, abdominal fat, high blood sugar and triglycerides, low HDL (good) blood cholesterol, and high blood pressure.
1 - He was the first golfer to score more than 100% on scrambling... 2 - Because in the wind and the rain, there is nothing better than Seve 3 - His thought-process...250 yards, in a bunker...pass me the 3 wood...(onto 18 ft to halve his match in the 1983 Ryder Cup) (more...)
According to Celsus, indeed, the tribe of birds that practise divination , forsooth, understand the nature of the Divine Being better than Pherecydes, and Pythagoras, and Socrates and Plato !
12 rounds both prime I think this is one of the best fantasy fights Ricky's heart stamina v mikes speed and boxing ability both have great power and although I believe Rockys chin was better than mikes questions can be asked how great it really was... Personally I think mike would win he's the more natural heavyweight and a student of the game in his younger days but none if the two of them would have to go looking the other Tyson wins in 9
2. DH Ben Broussard or call up Adam Jones to play left and move Raul Ibanez to DH. Jones is better defensively, plus Broussard gives the team a good bat off the bench who can (sort of) play corner OF and first.
Affirm began with the thesis that by leveraging data science and machine learning, we could underwrite quicker, cheaper, and better than traditional banks and the FICO credit scoring system.
Actually, if WoW is an example, Blizzard is very careful (and much better than the competition) at making sure that the divide between old and new players does not grow with time.
After advising us that it is better to come to the subject by way of Virgil, Dante, and Milton, he added that the best course of action is to acquire the original, plus "the Campbell-Robinson key," and
1. KookaBay sleeping pad - way better than the Neoair I tried last year.
1. Long-term ads perform better than short-term placements There are a lot of people on Facebook, but they are not there to click on ads.
71: Levels, Avicii 72: Blunt Blowin, Lil Wayne 73: Bait A Hook, Justin Moore 74: Mirror, Lil Wayne Featuring Bruno Mars 75: Donald Trump, Mac Miller 76: Better Than I Know Myself, Adam Lambert 77: Alone With You, Jake Owen 78: Rumour Has It, Adele 79: I'm Gonna Love You Through It, Martina McBride 80: Countdown, Beyonce
According to the analysis, kids in NJ charter schools did better than kids in traditional district schools - by 30% in reading and 40% in math, according to the Courier-Post - and Newark's charter school kids did even better.
02:46 Ryan-IW Yes 02:47 will0812 Do you honestly think you have improved the PC version with IW.Net, you cannot claim the gameplay is smoother, as dedicated servers are much more efficient.? 02:47 Mackey-IW Yes, we believe MW2 is better than CoD4:MW.
Advanced Technologies Group, Inc. proposes the development of a Liquid-Oxygen Mass Gauge, (LMG) for In-Space cryogenic storage capable of continuous monitoring of liquid quantities to better than 1% accuracy.
1. Train to make the hits... any bullet that hits COM is better than another that misses.
Additionally, winter is better than other seasons to enjoy a starry night in Korea.
· 6 major automakers and 19 suppliers have drafted a plan to approve alternatives of the resin PA-12 · Shortages wouldn't likely happen for a month · The situation seems much more positive and Chrysler has said there is a better than 50% chance the company will find alternatives
(1) The Heat are especially good on defense because they (a) rotate better than any other team; and (b) Joel Anthony's unrelenting quest to block every shot.
1.- I think is better do that face to face.
55 people working on it since 2005 is a hell of a lot better than I'd hoped for (which was 2 work experience guys having done 20 mins in a closet and here's a sketch of a stick man killing a tyranid.
13 And the hand of Providence hath smiled upon you most pleasingly, that you have obtained many riches; and because that some of you have obtained more abundantly than that of your brethren, ye are lifted up in the pride of your hearts, and wear stiff necks, and high heads, because of the costliness of your apparel, and persecute your brethren, because that ye suppose that ye are better than they.
1/ Is there a way to know where then TTS.speak has finished it job better than having a loop with delay, because this needed delay varie depending on the sentence to pronounce as the voice synthesizer parameters ?
1. Yes to McGwire 2. Yes to Jack Morris 3. Yes to Alan Trammell-better than Ozzie except on backflips 4. No to the "bats" 5. Yes to Tim Raines, Dale Murphy and Andre Dawson 6-8 No to some decent, but not outstanding, players 9. Yes to your take on Ron Santo.
2) Have attendants be more fan friendly (being rude because you have a cool polo on doesn't mean your better than me).
5 on 5 has been atrocious I think...I'm not sure what the improvement has been on that side of the blue line at all...pp is better, pk is better, EV not quite.
(5:25 AM ET) LONDON (MarketWatch) -- Shares in BT Group PLC BT, +0.45% (UK:BT.A)rose 2.5% after the telecoms company on Friday reported better-than-expected third-quarter revenue, which was lifted by broadband demand and operations in emerging markets.
1- Although the fuel economy IS better in the diesel model and diesel is less expensive to purchase on a per-gallon basis (usually 3-5 cents as per the national average), you would have to drive a startling number of miles to have the reduced fuel expense make up for the additional cost of the car in the first place (which, by the way, is closer to 1300 dollars than a thousand).
1. Yes, but tinkering with the built in music player is hard 2. Nokia Drive is awesome, way better than google maps since you can download the maps to use them offline.
A few tracks fare better than others: "Keys in tha Damier" isn't too far from the sample-driven bangers of Dipset yesteryear, and "Talk My Nigga" has the fiercest rapping on the tape despite both rappers jacking their cadence from Crazy Town's "Butterfly".
30 Rock (NBC) - New showing did 5.54 million, better than previous week's special two all-new episodes, as The Office as a lead-in was the reason for the growth this week.
Active development in both pro and consumer markets has moved on to AVCHD (h.264) camcorders recording on solid-state media; AVCHD image quality is substantially better than HDV quality at a comparably bitrate.
+1 - I'm a software developer and the old adage about the journey bring better than the destination applies here.
16 Notwithstanding his consistency, Hoyt led the club in victories just once (in 1927) and was rarely considered the best pitcher on those Yankees staffs; that honor might have gone to hurlers like Mays, Bob Shawkey, Bullet Joe Bush, Sad Sam Jones, Herb Pennock (whom the Yankees acquired in 1923 from the Red Sox), or George Pipgras, each of whom enjoyed a season as good as, if not better than, Hoyt's best season.
According to company representatives, both the Elimidrol Daytime and Elimidrol Nighttime formulas have performed even better than expected as a source of opiate withdrawal relief for those struggling with dependence on the full spectrum of opiates, including OxyContin (oxycodone), Percocet (oxycodone), Vicodin (hydrocodone), Suboxone, codeine, heroin, and methadone.
According to a team of researchers from the La Crosse Exercise and Health Program, other exercises work as well or better than traditional squats for building beautiful glutes.
1) Print the numbered parts (I used black ABS and there was some wrapping, it is better to use PLA) 2) Fix them with glue (a glue gun works well) 3) If you have good drawing hand try to paint the letters so it looks more real :)
018:008 Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.
"After all, he's such a great guy, and he deserves so much better than me..." My voice is strangled, and my vision blurs and slants as the tears cling to my eyelashes.
After a three-year hiatus and some not-so-great solo projects from each of the band members, Fall Out Boy decided to regroup in 2012 and come back nearly better than ever with a new sound in a Top 20 song, "My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark (Light Em Up)." Now to promote their new era in the music industry, they're out on the road with Paramore and New Politics, which is essentially a pop-punk music fan's dream.
1) Belfast Celtic (Kevin 'Better than Mourinho' Latimer) 43 2) Qormi Jumbos (Fabrizio Gerada) 40 3) the ex-lepers (Anthony P Madness) 39 4) Uncle Jack Would Be Proud (BomBom) 37 5) Arris Army (Martin Robinson) 37 6) Dukes Super Team (Duke Fonseca) 35 7) Rovers wing wonders!
1) Warner 2) Watson 3) Hughes/ Cowan / S. Marsh 4) Clarke (c) 5) D. Hussey(I always wonder how come this guy didn't make it to test team with all his talent) 6) Haddin (Yes play him as a specialist batsman, He is way better than likes of Smith, Henriques and Maxwell) 7) Wade (wk) 8) Siddle 9) Starc 10) Pattinson 11) Lyon
2007: Started all 38 matches and was second among returners with 130 games played... Finished second on the squad with 69 blocks (10 solo) and third with 281 kills... Reached double figures in kills nine times and in digs four times with two double-doubles... Matched career high with 17 kills in 3-1 win over Chicago, Oct. 13... 12 digs against Keene State, Oct. 6, was a career-best... 11 kills and 11 digs against Carnegie Mellon on Oct. 13 held the Judges to a 3-2 win... Hit better than .300
3] Then, we may observe that while it is a necessity for most practical arguments [starting with the dictionary], no authority is better than his or her specific facts and reasoning in any given case.
33:9 ; not quoted from LXX.) Yet although we have this strong consolation, and are confident of the recompense that shall be made us, still when we see that the work in you does not go forward, our state is not better than the state of those husbandmen who lament and mourn, who hide their faces and are ashamed.
3. Who here is in favour of higher taxes to pay for lots more staff in the NHS? 4. Who here thinks that private medicine will actualy do better than the NHS 5. Who here thinks that a service based on profit will do anything other than keep costs as low as possible (see 3 above) 6.
17 in the city is ridiculous: My 4×4 Tacoma (with a V-6) does better than that.
2064 days 6 hours ago - Nintendo's E3 2010 was, without a doubt, better than E3 2009, 2008, and 2007.
Actually I'd blame Americans for Loki...who tend to have a bit black-and-white approach to morality and are very much in love with their idealized heroes who are just so much better than anyone, and thus have trouble adapting the mythologies where "heroes" as a rule behave in questionable manner and "villains" are often just minding their own business.
A die size that's larger, but its 50% off (zero power) when it's not needed is much better than a die size which is a bit smaller, faster, but burns more power all the time (Intel Atom and friends).
6105's are tall like the 6100's, however not as wide, the main advantage, the intonation is better with 6105's.
3) Student body: I felt like I gelled with folks at the Wharton admit weekend better than I did at Booth.
6Lim and Hoffmann In general, a factorial design is appropriate to study different diseases such as aspirin on myocardial infarction and beta-carotene on cancer, different mech- anisms such as radiotherapy or chemotherapy for tumor, or treatments whose combination may be much better than each individually.
3. I was REALLY excited about all the colors available (much better than felt colors available at a craft store which is why I dye most of my own felt) and so I cut it all and ended up with A LOT of shapes.
3. The complimentary breakfast here is better than at any large hotel in the U.S. Their restaurant is clean and the employees are knowledgeable and courteous.
[ 23 ] Automatic transmission models include an "Eco" display on the instrument panel that tells the driver when better than expected fuel efficiency is reached, hoping to influence driving habits toward more efficient operation.
@ 0:00:01 Introduction English @ 0:01:14 Arabic Translation @ 0:02:23 Question from previous program Promised Messiah being better than other Prophets @ 0:02:42 Answer in English @ 0:03:53 Arabic Translation @ 0:04:45 Answer Continues in English @ 0:09:28 Arabic Translation @ 0:13:45 Answer Continues in English @ 0:17:34 Arabic Translation @ 0:20:35 Answer Continues in English @ 0:21:12 Arabic Translation @ 0:22:00 Answer Continues in English @ 0:22:29 Arabic Translation @ 0:22:00 Answer Continues in English @ 0:23:23 Question Continues from previous program regarding Jiziah from non Muslims?
[1] Within this cornucopia of  smorgasbordic delight I happened to come across a mere handful of pieces "of color"- (ambiguous statement since the Indian and Mexican exhibitions were  better than ok) ... being true to my stereotyped roots however I managed to parlay this deficit into a free ($18) extra ticket.
A 2005 study in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association showed that an orange juice fortified with calcium citrate malate was absorbed 48 percent better than one fortified with the same amount of calcium in a different form.
A few days back, Rajya Sabha member and cousin of party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, Ram Gopal Yadav, had lauded the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) rule, claiming it was much better than the rule of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA).
2) To build a contact list of companies for the Students2Startups fair early next year, which will be bigger and better than ever before!
Adams, Samuel (1722-1803), American statesman, Father of the American Revolution: "If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom, go home from us in peace.
1i A fascinating novel is "The Brick Moon" by Edward Everett Hale, who is better known for his "The Man Without a Country."
AAC is, conceivably, better than mp3 because it contains support for things like multi-channel stereo, alternate audio tracks, and encoding options that could allow for very passable sound quality for audiobooks and movie audio at much lower bitrates than anyone is discussing today, but for the two channel stereo that we're all pumping into our ears with music, there is no definite advantage to either format.
05-06 is a valid point to bring up for both the Ducks and Sharks, though both those teams started better than this year's Ducks; through 13 games each team was 7-5-1.
018:003 But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city.
After all is said and done - I have a lot of work ahead of me to deal with the the damage left behind in the path of destruction - but it looks a hell of a lot better than it did when I first saw it and I swear - almost had my first real heart attack...
1/2 cup flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon paprika 3-4 pounds Veal shanks (2-3" thick) 1/4 Cup good olive oil ½ Cup carrots; chopped 1/3 Cup onion; chopped ½ red pepper; seeds and membrane removed, meat chopped 2 cloves garlic; chopped ¾ Cup white wine (I use Sauvignon Blanc) 3 sprigs Thyme 3-4 small celery stalks with leaves attached 2 Cups hot water 1 ½ Tablespoons Better Than Bouillon Beef flavor stock 1 15-ounce can of tomato sauce 2 bay leaves 4 Cups wide egg noodles
70. Tiberius was deeply devoted to Greek and Latin literature and, while still a young man, modelled his Latin oratorical style on that of old Messala Corvinus; but ruined it with so many affectations and pedantries that his extempore speeches were considered far better than the prepared ones.
1 pound whole wheat fettuccine 1 1/2 cups frozen sweet yellow corn, thawed 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can coconut milk 2 teaspoon onion powder 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt 1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes 1 tablespoon vegan butter (I use Earth Balance) 1/4 medium onion, sliced 4 ounces vegan cream cheese (I use Tofutti Better Than Cream Cheese) 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, optional
A fictitious name is better than no name at all," Alex continued to find it extremely difficult to talk with this man and not lose her cool or hang up on him every time he called.
According to the pundits, though, both the Sharks and Ducks have gotten better this offseason (certainly better than the start of last season).
A few things were learned in the interim: it was found, for example, that sometimes a slight variant may fare better than plain Tit for Tat, the so-called Generous Tit for Tat in which an opponent's defection is forgiven 10% of the time.
1.7GHz Dual-Core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz 8GB 1600MHz LPDDR3 SDRAM 256GB Flash Storage Apple USB SuperDrive Backlit Keyboard (English) & User's Guide Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Priced $1657 Which one is better choice... Btw i live in Nepal where there are a lot of powercuts...
1. Kubica - Over-delivered in an under-delivered machinery 2. Kovalainen - Always pleasant and ever give up, keep the team in harmony and drives the team forward 3. Kobayashi - Gutsy yet intelligent drives, distinguished himself against stereotype Japanese drivers 4. Rosberg - Got on quietly, action spoke better than words 5. Barrichello - Technical input helped team not slumping in development race
01/26/2016 , Battery technology has come a long way and even though the batteries in our mobile devices are bigger and better than they have ever been before, they're still not enough, and that's because there's an abundance of apps and services that...
1. New Sprites - finally someone used them, they are much better than old ones although no one seems to notice.
2010-2011 Outlook: All things considered, the Rockets fared better than I expected without Yao Ming last season.
According to Mark Escobedo , Chief Technologist at Westpak, Inc., the machine features the "Soft & Mighty" gripping jaw system which is better able to handle difficult tensile tests on specimens without the need for "neck down" or "dog bone" shaped test specimens.
About the Cardinals, I don't see them being any better than the Dodgers, they did not get the hits where needed, they were even shakier in the field.
25. Allama Alauddin says, "Consensus says that the part of earth contacted with body of Sarkar Sallallaho Alaihi Wa Sallam is better then the whole universe, Ka'ba Shareef, Arsh-o-Kursi" [Durr-e-Mukhtar Ala Hamish ur Radaj, Vol2, Page 352]
A. Because Great Britain had recently colonized India and wanted to demonstrate its power through its architectural choices; neoclassicism B. Because Indian architectural forms suggested luxury and escape from day-to-day cares; historicism C. Because Indian architectural forms were exotic and different from typical architecture of the period and expressed emotion better than the Greek and Roman forms otherwise used; romanticism D. Because the Prince Regent loved India and wanted, in essence, a giant Indian "playhouse" for liaisons with his mistress Mrs. Fitzherbert; baroque
Admittedly however their superior performance had most likely been owed to the fact that the Corona barn maintained them better than other shops on the IRT maintained their cars; additonally due to more convenient trackage connections these cars were sent to the old BMT Main Shop at Coney Island Yard, rather than 207th St. Manhattan which was the Main Shop for the rest of the IRT.
AC Milan president Silvio Berlusconi has claimed that the European champions still have a better than even chance of bringing Andriy Shevchenko back to the San Siro.
3. The British Journal of Homoeopathy edited by John James Drysdale, Robert Ellis Dudgeon, Richard Hughes, John Rutherfurd Russell (1869) "As far as we know, this quinoidal substance is no better than taurine, and may turn out as near to an excrement as Uric acid or nine in.
45. SHENYANG AEROSPACE UNIVERSITY Create a great online impression; dress to impress Choose your blog voice carefully Hangout at the right social network Ostriches are not great role-models Learn more Social Media Marketing best practices Warranty Repairs Small business is better than home and home office Keep cutting prices to gain market share44Prepared by Roni Bhowmik
actually this is on full zoom 90mm, so cropping as Frank mod and adding canvas on the top as pam mod looks better than mine.
1. Deuce is good enough that he\'s going to make the line look better than what it is.
80s -Van Cort- Mens tan suede leather and camel acrylic knit sweater jacket with waist length styling, ribbed knit waistband, cuffs, and collar, front zipper, suede leather front panel with inset pockets, suede back yoke, and taffeta half lining, better than average condition for these (usual light soiling of leather elements)
6: 4D is better than 3D by a whole D: Such gimmickry may smack of Smell-o-Vision (we'll get to that), but just in case the movie on screen doesn't move you enough, your chair can take care of that.
8) GPT PLANET online since - October 2010 pay per click - max $0.005, min $0.001 pay per ref click - 25% 1st level referral earnings (100% for upgraded members) min cashout - $1.00 payment processor - Paypal and Payza accepted cashout time - 24 hours Has the same owner as Scarlet Clicks, this site is as good as, if not better than Scarlet Clicks.
1. go into your tinychef app 2. go into documents/filescache 3. opening up this file "Levels-dbc9d81b05f5ac4bc46813015ab8043d" with no quote you got to do 2 thing 1st is look for your next level exp and change it to whatever number you want,lower the better than look for this "bonusPremiumCurrency" that is ur buckchef change the 1 to whatever number.
1) Easy to apply (especially on curved surfaces) 2) Costs 3) Increased strength of the plane 4) Increased weight 5) Finish: the glass can be finish in a tons of way but you must be good with airbrush/brush and can be better than oracover that is always good but what about shines, panel lines etc.?
After all, those hours with him on the range allowed me, for at least one afternoon, to play better than the awesome golf gods of Colorado would have thought possible.
17 in 42 starts is a pole percentage of 40.5 percent, which is better than Michael Schumacher and Ayrton Senna were able to achieve, and may be the best in CART/Champ Car history.
99% of the time, raster is better in ERDAS IMAGINE, and in ERDAS IMAGINE 2010 (fall 2009), parallel processing in batch will be implemented (process 1 image on each core you have on your CPU).
A better-than-expected UK PMI services report, stronger consumer spending out of Australia, and a relatively sanguine tone from the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) all helped to drive risk currencies higher, and both the British pound (GBP) and Australian dollar (AUD) rebounded from the lows set at the start of the week.
A Friday evening at home, where, once the Friday evening curry goat is dispatched and the children locked safely away under the sofa-bed, I like nothing better than to sit back and talk all the way through Coronation Street.
Acura is banking on strong sales of their RDX mini crossover to take off, and a new flagship RLX that the company says will handle better than the BMW 7-Series, the perennial champion in the large sedan market.
2002 Dodge Stratus wheel bearings are now made better than ever, coming sealed from the factory so the good stuff, such as much needed lubricant, stays in and the bad stuff, water and heat, stays out.
12x is too much magnification to hand hold, the view will shake so much it is hard to see the details that the optics can provide (7x is better for most hands).
ABC and parent Disney might be spending several million dollars -- the going rate for a high-profile trial -- taking the Sheridan case to a jury, but it's better than sending a message to the Hollywood community that the company will pay out big money to plaintiffs.
1. Memphis - (Rudy Gay, OJ Mayo, Hasheem Thabeet, Marc Gasol, Mike Conley Jr, Hamed Haddadi, Darrell Arthur)  I would never argue that the Memphis Grizzlies themselves are better than the Wolves or the Thunder, and certainly not the Clippers or the Nets.
1. my problem is, i have signed the 3888 package, my fren signed the 2888 drg fair, but her package is better than mine..when i request the same, they refused to give me...they even discount 288 for her, means is 2600, and they will lent her a super vip gown for ps.
18/02/95 Ahh what could be better than a Saturday 6-mile run at dawn in 20-degree weather... ...followed by a big bowl of gummy oatmeal and some dry toast!
Added Karen Carpenter-Palumbo, Commissioner of the New York State Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services: "I applaud the Governor and the Sentencing Commission for recognizing addiction is a chronic illness that is better to treat than to incarcerate.
1/ as much as i would like to get offroad it will be driven 80 - 90% on blacktop so ride is better 2/ will go where i want it off road no problems to date 3/ i upped the tyres to 33" BFG AT's and dealer gave me money back on original tyres 4/ ergonoimics and style of vehicle was definitely ahead in the cruiser, wife didnt like the patrol inside, and as we plan to do a fair bit of driving with the family
- (360) Joseph McMurty and George McAfee reported that there were not enough tithables convenient to make a wagon road from McMurty's Mill thro' McAfee's Gap to the wagon road, and it was only practicable to clear it for carrying loads on horseback until the country is better settled, which is ordered, and Joseph McMurty and James McAfee, Jr., to be surveyors and work with the tithables on Craig's Creek and its branches from Gatlive's up, and on Catabo from Alexander Smith's up.
A confundus is entirely possible, but I'm leaning towards it just being a failure on Harry's part because Quirrel is the only person Harry sees as an equal (or really, better than him) and Quirrel is a mentor/friend.
A $540,000 house in Arlington, Virginia, paid for in cash A $50,000 Jaguar automobile Home remodeling and redecoration costs of $99,000 Monthly phone bills exceeding $6,000, mostly calls by Ames's wife to her family in Bogotá, Colombia Tailored suits replacing Ames's former 'bargain basement' clothes, conspicuously better than those of his CIA colleagues A superior credit score - Ames maintained premium credit cards whose minimum monthly payment exceeded his monthly salary.
2. As for the implementation language C would have been better than C++, but that's only an implementation detail and of not much interest to 0MQ/XS users.
Absolutely you can stick carrots and celery in a sock but make it damp not wet and yeah, cotton would be better than poly.
14. Gavvy Cravath (14-15-16)-pretty interchangeable with Cepeda and F. Howard, which threesome is clearly if slightly better than Cash, Keeler and Klein among the "hitter" candidates
after having a core that won them a championship (something we have never done) they are doing an excellent job tanking to get them an asset better than any player on our team.
147) Planet of the Daleks (1973) - It's definitely better than "The Chase" (see below).
8 Art thou better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea? 9 Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite Put and Lubim were thy helpers.
2001 Toyota Corolla Le Low Miles Looks And Drive Like New You Can039t Get Better Than This For This Much, Internet Special Only 3999.00please
3. What this last (better than car) refers to is of course an integrated cocktail of multiple modes and choices, and it is my job to make sure that my cocktail is better, faster and cheaper than hanging on to your car (in most cases).
1- I wanted to know which method is better the .isNew
[1cd] Win the light, win heaven, and, Soma, all good things; [2ab] And make us better than we are.
A chimpanzee would be far better equipped than I to survive in the jungle and would undoubtedly perform better than me in tests that assessed this.
11/22/03 I began taking the prescription drug Calcitriol (one 0.5 mcg capsule daily), a form of Vitamin D which is better assimilated than over-the-counter Vitamin D. Another advantage of Calcitriol is that it slows the growth of prostate cancer.
3 Responses to "Simon Cowell Says The Second Season Of The X Factor Will Be Even Better Than The First"
1956 BALLOT 1. Luke Appling: Better than Beckwith who is my top infielder, and probably better than Wells was. 2. Mule Suttles: Best corner player available.
ACCURACY/FORGIVENESS: Deadly accurate short irons; covers for mis-hits better than standard forgings.
Absolutely loved this place!!! Surprised the minute we walked into a huge studio room with all that an apartment has to offer - better than what we expected, fully equipped kitchen, spacious living room, 2 double bedrooms and free washing.
A 3 Parks Pass self drive ticket includes a visit to the island, as well as the Penguin Parade and Koala Conservation Centre. 5. Phillip Island Chocolate Factory Trekking all over the island deserves a reward - what better than chocolate fresh from the Phillip Island Chocolate Factory?
10 became an option with steel and it really does work better than the 3.5" 12, but then it's not as versatile for the average Joe that has one shotgun to hunt doves, ducks, and geese.
(A) As young teenagers we had to partner up well in advance of the actual PE session - I'm talking weeks in advance if you wanted to get someone socially-desirable (although a skanky boy was better than no boy).
Actually people in the south behave better than Long Island people.
1:47  And the king's servants came to our lord King David, blessing him and saying, May God make the name of Solomon better than your name, and the seat of his authority greater than your seat; and the king was bent low in worship on his bed.
2.A)No not by a long shot in fact, PAL is much better than NTSC or Never Twice the Same Colour, as it's known in the television industry.
After he had uttered many things like these, and others of a still more bitter nature, which it is better not to mention, going out, at length, when his rage was satisfied he seemed to feel as if he had completely vindicated his conduct.
[ 8 ] Jonathan Keefe of Slant felt nobody else could sell the song's "ginormous chorus" better than Clarkson.
After all since you are trying to show that Henin is better because she won 3 diferent slams, one can also say Venus is more rounded and better because she is great at singles AND doubles.
1. "The Natural" (1984) -- No movie mythologizes baseball better than Barry Levinson's well-crafted fairy tale about destiny-annointed, highly moral ballplayer Roy Hobbs (Robert Redford) whose story combines a superhero tale with Arthurian legend and, yes, even Homer's "The Odyssey," all set to Randy Newman's appropriately heroic score.
A 10-minute workout is better than a zero-minute workout.
3.Is it possible to connect Pokemon Ruby played on a DS with Pokemon Ruby, Sapphire or Emerald on a GBA or GBA SP? 4.Which is better: An Action Replay or a Game Shark?
After finishing fourth in Serie A and earning a spot in the Champions League during the 2008-09 season, the club hasn't finished better than 9th place since.
9."The lawful power of making laws to command whole politic societies of men, belonging so properly unto the same entire societies, that for any prince or potentate, of what kind soever upon earth, to exercise the same of himself, and not by express commission immediately and personally received from God, or else by authority derived at the first from their consent, upon whose persons they impose laws, it is no better than mere tyranny.
Actually, it may have been better than usual since it's normally backed up to the 205 (Ridge Road) intersection.
2002 was better than 2001.
A continental breakfast is included in the price.While there is a liquor outlet next door, and a service station with small shop at the front, it is better to travel the 5 minutes to the town for food.
1. Control what your audience sees 2. Attack the person, not the argument 3. Argue against straw men 4. Deflect attention away from the specific criticism 5. Racism, however ugly, is better than the alternative 6. Prove your opponent has mistaken some other quality for racism
a dallas cowboy player should know better than to be in chicago....but then again if it was rex grossman we would have booed him too.
16, A. 8), so also we are to understand that Christ is subject to the Father not simply but in His human nature, even if this qualification be not added; and yet it is better to add this qualification in order to avoid the error of Arius, who held the Son to be less than the Father.
12 is young...but a friend of ours used to laugh that the Mexican kids he mixed with were physically mature at 11/12 whilst the anglo kids were a bit later - who knows with all the hormones out there in our food chain... condoms are better than 13 year old dads... - always preferable to wait ab bit but common sense says some won't have that self control
5. The second which followeth is in nature worse than the former: for as substance of matter is better than beauty of words, so contrariwise vain matter is worse than vain words: wherein it seemeth the reprehension of St. Paul was not only proper for those times, but prophetical for the times following; [10] and not only respective to divinity, but extensive to all knowledge; DEVITA PROFANAS VOCUM NOVITATES, ET OPPOSITIONES FALSI NOMINIS SCIENTIAE.
10:50 AM VelvetHug ban: Stoney, everyone is loving the Lions after yesterday, but I'm still not convinced they are any better than a team that can abuse awful teams...
Adam Quirk at 75 years old, and showing up only four hours a day, is still worth more than a man of 25 working an eight hour shift, because his mind knows how to keep everything organized better than anyone I've ever seen.
Across the country in the Big Apple, at least in Brooklyn, the water is significantly better than both San Diego and Tempe.
11. Do you believe that you do not deserve any better than what you have?
Adults doing the footwork for their young relatives is a lot better than grousing about the titles that "should be" age-appropriate.
After 10 minutes or so, things started to settle but the balance remained surprisingly even with the visitors keeping the ball a little better than often tends to be the case and so managing to avoid the standard pitfall of defending for long stretches inside the last third of the pitch.
2. The game selection is far better than Android
A call is like a Vote, better than a petition!!! Big Corps like Monsanto are more powerful than presidents worldwide if the Trans pacific partnership (TPP) goes through!!! PLEASE PAY ATTENTION TO THIS NOW.
[0148] Preferably, for feature a), the diamond layer has an absorption spectrum measured at room temperature such that the colour of a standard 0.5 ct round brilliant would be better than J, preferably better than I; preferably better than H, preferably better than G, preferably better than F, preferably better than E, preferably D.
1)Remember though, vacumm is horrible, krypton is 2nd poorest performer, xenon is better (actually xenon + halogen, brighter but short life), halogen best.
1. Derrius Guice may eventually become a better Heisman Trophy candidate than Leonard Fournette: When you consider Fournette just broke the LSU single season rushing record as a sophomore, it sounds crazy that Guice may end up being as good or better than Fournette.
Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter the book was much better than the movie, but that is subjective.
A flier because they were 5-11 last year and play in the same division as the Indianapolis Colts, Tennessee Titans and the better-than-you-think Houston Texans .
According to the report, the average metro area in the Midwest had a gain of better than 10 percent in median household income (adjusting for inflation).
3. El Cachanilla taco on 21st off of Harrison in the Mission - they didn't have eye tacos or brain tacos today but the cow head, and lengua were to DIE FOR! at a $1.50 you can't go wrong, and for the faint of heart my mom said the fish taco was great too...these taco's are better than any NYC taco spot in the Bx, Yonkers or Corona/Jackson Heights...they are really really good!
A charismatic man who loves nothing better than to guide guests who really want to see, feel and taste his beloved Galilee, Phillip is also a fascinating storyteller.
According to these parents, it is better to allow the child to go to a tanning salon, than get baked in the sun.
Actually, Graham Walker is not a beggar but a Big Issue seller, and when we met him he was dressed like a Victorian entertainer in top hat and long coat, selling his personal broadsheet called the Big Tissue - far better than the regular magazine, in my opinion.
After all, those of us who admired Zappa for his quick wit and his principled stands against the de facto censorship promoted by the Parents Music Resource Center would like nothing better than to believe that he was also a man making music that historians studying our era hundreds of years from now will see as timeless.
1. 3 Jul 00 Two Heads are Better Than One 2. 10 Jul 00 Do Butterflies Have Souls? 3. 17 Jul 00 The Blue Bird of Happiness 4. 24 Jul 00 What is This Thing Called Love? 5. 31 Jul 00 I'll Tell You What Love Is 6. 7 Aug 00 Blue Birds Over Sean Prendergast, Jamie Bell, Alex Ferguson, Colin Maclachlan.
About the last place you'd expect to find a sumptuous lobster dinner is a little out-of-the-way strip mall in Redwood City, CA.; one of the few things the East Coast does better than California is growing lobsters.
2nd Round: Swearinger is a reach there, DeAndre Hopkins would be a great value pick, as would Logan Ryan, either of them would be much better than Swearinger, S is also a much lower need than WR.
8. THE BLACK PANTHER First Appearance: FANTASTIC FOUR (1961) #52 Joined the Avengers: AVENGERS (1963) #52 Why He's #8: "Former sovereign of glorious Wakanda, one of the richest, most advanced nations in Africa or elsewhere, T'Challa knows better than any Avenger how to speak truth to power.
adding that ask yourself your example of China being a powerful easterner where would they bee if tomorrow everyone around the globe stopped buying their products right, they would no better than anyone else every and i do mean EVERY empire falls since the beginning now seems to be thier turn but it will end and a new power will rise that's life.
#6 The Expanded Age Limit Factor Much has been made of the differences between The X Factor and its singing show rivals like American Idol and The Voice , but the most noticeable and immediately rewarding difference is that Simon has lowered the minimum age to compete to 12, and the kids in these auditions are better than alright.
3. John McCain would, as President, be almost infinitely better than either Sen. Clinton or Barak Obama.
3/4 lb lean ground beef 1/2 c onion 1 c celery 1.5 c carrots 2 clove garlic 3/4 tbls Better than Bullion Beef Base 4 c cabbage 4 c water 46 ounce tomato juice 2 T parlsey 1 tsp red peper flakes Thyme Basil Salt & Pepper
140 goals for messi compared to 142 for ronaldo in 5 years, amazing, these 2 are on another planet to everyone else, the ball sticks to messis feet like glue the guys balance on the ball is unmateched and ronaldo i admire for his ability to take the pressure of being the face of the galacticos and geeting evan better than he was at united
9. Translation: A whip's space of paradise (i.e. the place taken to keep a whip) is better than this world and everything in it.
3. Red wine goes best with food like red meat, soups and beef stock while white wine is better for fish, poultry, light creams and sauces.
2 - RICORIATOA came flying at the finish to beat a better-than-you-would expect $25,000 field just three days.
A 2nd rounder is lost, but if you resign Evans, the D line is alot better than it was with JT.
Adorable Jenny shines that pretty smile of hers in the open field, looking better than ever, she is just a golden gem in the sun blond, Adorable Jenny shines that pretty smile of hers in the open field, looking better than ever, she is just a golden gem in the sun naked blondes blonde teen pussy girls babes babe girl pretty smile sun naked joy
(2) The student learning achievemen t of experiment group I using Number Heads Together (NHT) method is better than that of experiment group II using Student Teams Achievement Division (STAD) method and control group.
4) Marooned The Lister/Rimmer dynamic has always been the heart of Red Dwarf , and never has it been explored better than in this episode in which the duo become stranded on an ice planet.
(66:17) Opening, Iron Fist, Heart Of Stone, Shoot You In The Back, The Hammer, "Sorry, We have blown up the PA", Jailbait, Go To Hell, (Don't Need) Religion, Hoochie Coochie Man, America, (We Are) The Road Crew, Bite The Bullet, The Chase Is Better Than The Catch, Overkill, Bomber, Motorhead
2. Jason Day - Day won the event in 2010 and knows the greens better than anyone at the event this year.
10:04 p.m. ET - Ron Paul to John King: "When I'm polling against the Democrats and independents, I do better than the rest, and the Republican party claims they want somebody to win."
22 -- Since scoring his third consecutive win, dating to last year, on a 1.5-mile track -- earlier this year at Las Vegas --Tony Stewart has finished better than 22nd just once in five subsequent races on the 1.5-milers (13th at Kansas).
1 See potential buyers as friends - you are having a friendly chat 2 Sit up straight, look happy and be interested 3 You know your home better than anyone - tell buyers something brochures do not 4 Focus on three or four favourite features of your home 5 Recall a good time in your home - perhaps a party or milestone?
4. Kevin Pierre-Louis - Would consider as a last-resort consolation prize. 5. Max Bullough/Christian Jones - Not sure they are any better than Nate Irving in Nickel.
3MB vs Cobro This match was a whole lot better than i thought it would be Zack, Heath and Jinder were able to save this match even with Santino.
2) His model mimics 1900 - 2005 temperature better than any other I've seen:
Achievements towards MDG's in Bangladesh are better than any other least developed country, tied with Laos.
23: 5.) Yea, it were no better than the covenant of works, if those who enter into it with God could so depart from Him again, as to make it void unto themselves, and to put themselves into a worse condition than they were in before they made it--'And I will make an everlasting covenant with them, that I will not turn away from them, to do them good' (Jer.
a case, a tripod mount/extra hot shoe extender thing (i don't know what the proper term is), mini-tripod, bower digital flash and a canon eos rebel g body; all for $65. the case is better than what it had looked like in the pictures.
2. Do you believe that the Trinamool-Congress(I) alliance will address the question of caste better than the Left front?
According to the Razer spokesperson, the Hydra will let users "manipulate the [game's] lasers better than anyone else because of the six degrees of freedom" the controller offers."
1  And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying, 2  Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better for you, either that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are threescore and ten persons, reign over you, or that one reign over you?
1 block of extra firm tofu 2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil a little bit of garlic salt (1/8 tsp maybe?) 1/2 tsp tumeric 1/4 tsp black pepper 1.5 tbsp tamari .5 tbsp Bragg's (or if you can't find tamari or braggs, substitute 2tbsp soy sauce...but Tamari + Bragg's is better!) 2 tbsp nutritional yeast
A Flyers team that is better than the New Jersey Devils, and that got a long stretch of great goaltending from Ilya Bryzgalov, nonetheless finds itself hip-deep now in a playoff series in which it has surrendered the home-ice advantage.
[ 11 ] Ever more animals not previously exploited for their meat are now being farmed, especially the more agile and mobile species, whose muscles tend to be developed better than those of cattle, sheep or pigs.
371" 277HP 4-speed Hydramatic... ran pretty good with dual glasspack exhaust and Atlas Bucron tires... previous owner may have put a cam in it... ran better than it seemed like it should... wish I could have kept it... had similar classic lines as a '57 Chevy... maybe even sleeker... but it overheated above 60 MPH for very long and I needed a more dependable car to drive 100 miles to college at GMI... now I know it may have merely needed that spring in the lower radiator hose...!![/QUOTE]
%0D Seriously, why the rage?%0D %0D The food is ten times better, there are ten times the options for your burrito, the quality and freshness is better, the atmosphere is better... if you can, check it out.
3. Alternate the direction you sandwich each layer - I always start with the bottom layer facing right way up, and then sandwich the next layer upsidedown on top, I find this helps to balance it out better than if you have all the layers facing right way up.
2162 Veterans Boulevard will host a classic rock-n-roll, doo-wop festival this March 30th, from 8 PM to MID - be there, it's better than a sock hop!Spring Classic Dance Party at the Massapequa Elks Lodge March 30.
1. Cliff Lee 2. Clayton Kershaw (he'll be the best out of the group but his strike out numbers/era weren't that much better than Cliff's and I'm taking home ball parks into effect).
41 mins: Play is under way in the second half - one can only hope it's miles better than the first, which was pretty rucking awful.
3. I also cut slightly smaller cloud and raindrop shapes from my scrap quilt filler stuff (lovely soft fancy wool of some kind, better than wasting it!)
22-year-old Jack Tatum wasn't even born when '80s indie pop was at its peak, but the kid who performs as Wild Nothing knows the sound better than anyone in music today.
1. NY Giants 11-2 2. CAROLINA 10-3 (and with a chance for homefield advantage if Panthers could beat the Giants Dec.21) 3. Minnesota 8-5 4. Arizona 8-5 (has clinched division and no worse than a No.4 spot; could move to No.3 with win over Vikings next Sunday) 5. TAMPA BAY 9-4 6. DALLAS (6-4 conference record slightly better than Atlanta's 5-4, so 8-5 Falcons would be out at the moment, along with all the 7-win teams)
1 cup of whole wheat pastry flour 1/2 cup barley flour, you can use oat flour as well or just all whole wheat pastry flour instead 1 egg 1/3 cup olive oil 3/4 cup low fat milk 2/3 cup sugar (maple syrup will work as well and it is better for you 1 tablespoon lemon zest 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 cup wild berries 1/2 cup fresh strawberries
19. Lebron James and Kobe Bryant are fun to watch and forget who is better it is a joy to watch both.
^ 20 r Bananas Nutritional Profle Energy value (calories per serving): Moderate Protein: Low Fat: Low Saturated fat: Low Cholesterol: None Carbohydrates: High Fiber: Moderate Sodium: Low Major vitamin contribution: B vitamins, vitamin C Major mineral contribution: Potassium, magnesium About the Nutrients in This Food A banana begins life with more starch than sugar, but as the fruit ripens its starches turn to sugar, which is why ripe bananas taste so much better than unripe ones.
3 And He is the radiance of His glory and the exact representation of His nature, and upholds all things by the word of His power when He had made purification of sins , He sat down at the right hand of the Majesty on high,  4 having become as much better than the angels, as He has inherited a more excellent name than they.  5 For to which of the angels did He ever say, "YOU ARE MY SON, TODAY I HAVE BEGOTTEN YOU"?
After a couple of chews, he spat it out as if it were second-hand pemmican poisoned by Indians who knew better than to trust a white man with gold teeth.
1.14 [--] Good Morning World: THE VOICE OF THE TURTLE IS BETTER THAN MINE 12Dec67 CBS Tue Guest cast: Johnny Holliday ........ Andy McChesney Marc London ............ psychiatrist Don Diamond ............ moving man Synopsis: In a flashback episode, the DJs relive their first days on the job when Dave's laryngitis spelled near disaster for Lewis and Clarke.
A bit surprised that their cooked food are better than their seafood, when I thought this is a seafood restaurant.
8. Buffalo Bills - OG Jonathan Cooper (North Carolina) There's a chance that the Bills could reach for Matt Barkley or Ryan Nassib here, but either would represent a significant reach -- especially considering that Nassib would likely be available at the top of the 2nd Round and that neither player has shown to be that much better than the other QBs like EJ Manual, Mike Glennon, etc. Everyone knows that CJ Spiller and Fred Jackson are Buffalo's bread-and-butter.
6. Minnesota (R): We can't believe we're writing this but comedian Al Franken (D) now has a better than 50-50 shot at winding up in the Senate next January.
1)Vampire - IMHO it is the worst Vampire yet visually, maybe only better than the stupid ponytail one of H5.
37) is better understood in the light of Jan Vansina's essay, "The Bells of Kings."[1]
2. They prophesied that the vessels of the temple, which the king of Babylon had already carried away, should now shortly be brought back ( Jer. 27:16 ); this they fed the priests with the hopes of, knowing how acceptable it would be to them, who loved the gold of the temple better than the temple that sanctified the gold .
1. Lots of variation in national polls Two recent high profile surveys -- from Newsweek and Gallup -- show Clinton doing slightly better than Barack Obama against John McCain in the national popular vote (as does the Rasmussen Reports automated survey).
124 These re-arrest rates are considerably better than those of drug offenders released from state prison, over 50 percent of whom are re-arrested within three years of their release from prison.
Admittedly my strategy of writing the paper first and only then reading the literature (or, more likely, letting the referees tell me what they think I should have read) is an extreme one, but it is better than trying to read everything.
-5 speed - 3.2 litre - 240HP -75,000 miles -Black Leather Interior -NEW Yokohama AVS ES100 Tires -NEW Top of the line Alpine CDA 9811 in-dash CD Player - Awesome sound -H&R / Bilstein Coilover suspension - looks and rides better than stock -Euroclear front and rear corner lights and side markers -On Board Computer -Factory alarm and keyless entry -Sunroof -Optional Traction Control -Garaged.
According to linguist David Peterson, who's created languages for both HBO's epic " Game of Thrones " and the new Syfy series " Defiance ," more is better than less, so the show doesn't get ahead of you - as he learned the hard way.
[0037] The current sensor comprises a primary transducer (for example, current into voltage) and a secondary transducer, which converts, for example, this voltage in a different variable that is better suited for the transmission to the evaluation unit, for example, an acoustic/mechanical (piezo/quart), optical (LED), pneumatic/hydraulic or temperature signal.
2012 kicked my ass...i almost prayed that the mayans got it right...i sincerely hope that 2013 is better...going into the winter solstice yuletide season, i am not in a festive mood- as i suspect many aren't...i have been plagued by allergies that are aggravated by the weather change and haven't gotten better and my entire life has been turned upside down by my family...many stressors from many angles and i hope to start knocking some of them off this coming year...
A Chevy Volt's environmental impact is slightly better than a gas powered car when bought new, but a lot more expensive once you have to replace that battery and try to dispose of it.
2. "The Happening" hits theaters -- Hey, I'm willing to forgive and forget -- specifically to forgive director M. Night Shyamalan and forget his disappointing last outing, 2006's "Lady in the Water" -- but only if this one is better.
10 Reasons Why the Premier League Is Better Than The NFL
A bridge to nowhere would be better than Obama's bridge to hell on earth.
19 ), and yet better than the rest of the Lord's prophets, whom Obadiah fed with bread and water, ch.
15) The girl turned away from him; she knew how to lay her cards on the table and she also knew how to fold; this time, however, it was something different this time she was bluffing, she was playing the game better than him.
A doctor in this second study said that having reminders and other aids that help doctors and nurses follow protocols is better then relying on habit or memory.
[0731] Due to the small size and spacing of the tip apex junctions high frequency and quantum limited performance far better than micron scale circuits results.
According to Viva!, Vegetarians International Voice for Animals, the Freedom Food animal welfare standards fall well short of the Soil Association's standards and are usually little better than the legal minimum requirements.
[0076] The processor 240 determines whether the output is better than the current optimum output computed using the simulation model with at least one previous operating variable combination (430).
32 Bd4 is better but Black looks to have plenty of play by tripling pieces on the f-file.
10.2 erpss creek; 10.3 forks, keep to left: 1 A--1 ranch on left: 11.5 run around road, keep to left; 12A forks, cither will do but right is better for automo biles; 11.3 main forks here, turn left into main Toad leading into Ft.
2) By the force of reason, on what basis could Tyre and Sidon rise up on Judgment Day and say, "We're better than you, Chorazin and Bethsaida!, because if we were under similar circumstances, unlike you, GOD would have determined us to repent.
1) be better than the Phillies , who are probably the best team in the entire league, 2) be better than the Braves , who have been winning division titles since the first Bush administration, or 3) be better than Florida , the defending World Champions.
A blanco or unaged tequila suits light and fresh dishes well, like guacamole or gazpacho soup, a reposado (slightly aged tequila) is better with something a bit heartier like roast chicken and black beans while an añejo (vintage Tequila) such as Don Julio Añejo will go well with a sweet dessert such as a rich, flourless chocolate cake.
Action is almost always better than inaction... thanks for the post!
18:23:24 can i set up a phone conference for this.. talk is better for me 18:24:05 I can set up one through work 18:24:13 as this is a work task for me :-) 18:23:45 I hate talking.. IM is my friend.
22 November 2007 First beta of evolution@home The first beta of evolution@home is running and it runs better than expected.
7.3 seems to pick gears better and stay but as far as excelerating holding speed 6.0 is better they just shift too darn much lol
Abrasion resistance is significantly better than traditional epoxy products (per grit-blast abrasion testing: #14 silicon carbide blasted at 40 psi, 45° angle).
1) Because yeah, it's true, he IS hurt- and nothing could work better than the truth in this situation...just, y'know, with a couple of details omitted.
A duo of James Harden and Dwight is not better than T-Mac and Yao Ming.
2.41pm: "It's common thing to say that Premier League this season was not just more prolific but also better than the 2010-11 edition," writes Admir Pajic.
346 GASOLINE AUTOMOBILES the efficiency of the engine is increased, for a hot engine works better than a cold one and gives more power.
187 ANNA ..It is 46F going up to 57 F.. Thanks for all the get well wishes tea and soup sent for my Mom...She went to Dr and he gave her antibiotic and puffer for bronchitis..She is still weak & tired but better than before...PRAY FOR :.SASSY # 23645.. sick with upper respir infection- she is very sick-Her Mom has been syringe & force feeding.
1834 - As you would expect with its cars running second and third after nearly four hours, and closing on the lead Audi, the mood in the Toyota camp is pretty buoyant, as its press spokesman told our Tom Mallett: "We are doing better than expectations, we are running without any trouble so far and to see the cars running P2 is fantastic.
0/0/4/252/0/252 Timid@White Herb Shell Smash Fire Blast Earth Power Rapid Spin So far I've exclusively used this version, and oddly enough it's worked out a lot better than I've expected so far...it spins when it needs to, and slow teams actually have some trouble if they don't have a resist.
1 red onion finely diced 15 mushrooms Crimini mushrooms 10 diced finely, 5 quartered - reserve 5 cups water 2 Tbsp Jarrow Brown Rice Protein 2 Tbsp Balsamic Vinegar 2 Tbsp Cider Vinegar 1/2 Coconut Milk 1 Tbsp Garlic powder 1 8 oz can Whole Water Chestnuts with juice 1 tsp Sour Salt (Citric Acid) 1 Tbsp Tang 1 tsp 5 Spice 1 Tbsp Chili powder 2 tsp Vegetable Better than Bouillon --Reserved 2 slices (2 sv) Tofu diced 1/3 cup Dulse, Sea Vegetable 1/3 cup pickled ginger remaining mushrooms from above
1989 Chevy Astro - 4.3 V6 - A lot better than the Safari, only major repair it needed was a power steering pump.
After all, Billups couldn't get it done with Wallace, Prince and Hamilton the last couple years, and I'm not sure the Denver cast is better.
A bomb defusal expert who embraces fatality on a daily basis hoping he'll be blown to smithereens, Major Samar Anand is a stubbled Aviator-clad army-man who seems to like nothing better than tight black tee-shirts and singing folksy Punjabi songs in his quiet-time.
3 In short-term studies, the alpha-antagonists were equally efficacious and safe compared with combination therapy but were better than 5-alpha-reductase inhibitor therapy alone.
Add to that the fact that my mom and dad joined Theresa and me for a weekend in the Phoenix area and, well, it just doesn't get much better than that.
(01/28/2011) - Twizzles -- those blazing one-foot turns that scorch across the ice -- are the quads of ice dance, and no one does them better than Meryl Davis and Charlie White .
[29/05/2012 20:06:51] Tori: working in hotels suck [29/05/2012 20:07:04] Tori: so does taking care of the disabled [29/05/2012 20:07:13] Gil Matok: Gas station... in Israel it's super hot -_- [29/05/2012 20:07:19] Tori: construction sucks as well [29/05/2012 20:07:19] Gil Matok: but it's better than building sites.
109-111 to be spiritual exercises, and in the first two it hardly gets better than Gilels/DG for me; Penelope Crawford comes from this tradition and she is a rare fortepianist who could stand up to direct comparison to Gilels or Pollini.
2. A ham sandwich, clearly, is better than nothing ... 3. Ergo a ham sandwich is better than eternal happiness'
3D Rendering Performance - 3ds max 5 Underwater_Environment_Finished.max - Render Time in Seconds (lower is better)
6) Q: Is Sega GT better than Gran Turismo 2? A: It comes VERY close, but gameplay wise, it's still not up to par with Gran Turismo 2. Graphically, on the other hand, it stomHP GT 2 into the ground.
16. Kansas City Royals Last Year's Ranking: 22 Why They Might Be Better Than This: We haven't seen what Eric Hosmer is capable of in a full season; Kila Ka'aihue's tremendous 2008 campaign was for real; young arms like those of Tim Melville, Daniel Gutierrez , and Mike Montgomery provide plenty of cause for optimism.
61 n. 86) only in that Athens claimed to be the mother city of all the Ionians; and in 411 the word "council" is better applied to the Four Hundred than to the Five Thousand (p.
12,13 At the end of 12 weeks, the combination gel reduced the median number of total acne lesions by over 50%, which was significantly better than monotherapy with adapalene (35.4%) or benzoyl peroxide (35.6%) alone.
[ 46 ] Alexis Petridis of The Guardian stated, "Given that everyone knows Carter can do so much better than this, it all smacks a bit of condescension, of locating a different audience, then talking down to them".
(1) You'll have more money to pay for it all and (2) the sex is better, giant underpants and all.
According to the critical rationalists, being exponents of critical preference, no position can be positively justified but it is quite likely that one, (or more) will turn out to be better than others in the light of critical discussion and tests.
According to first author, Kaj Blennow , MD, PhD, Professor of Clinical Neurochemistry at the Sahlgrenska University Hospital in Mölndal, Sweden, CSF is potentially better than blood since "a brain protein will be diluted in the larger blood volume, metabolized and degraded.
07 (ANI): Pakistan cricketer Shahid Afridi has said that he does not 'need a coach' and is better off 'coaching himself'.
[15] His big-league career ended at age 37 with a 129-115 record and an adjusted ERA of 104, slightly better than average.
A body she's not scared to show off naked in fashion shoots...cuz it is sure fucking better than making Borscht in the back of some sex club when not washing old communist party leader semen out of her vagina now that she's too old to be properly utilized in the human sex trade.....you know a den mother at 25....but instead she whores herself out in a more glamorous, socially accepted way....Gettin Paid...
#4 Going to Monte Carlo to gamble   I'd got to Monte Carlo with a group of friends because nothing is better than a girls weekend.
[67] Of the writers who feature most prominently in The Arcades Project , Baudelaire, despite his call on artists to embrace the modern, openly repudiated " la loi fatale, irrésistible du progrès " ["the fatal and irresistible law of progress"], seeing it as no better than a " grande héresie " [an "enormous heresy"].
1-Sonic Mega Collection 2-Sonic Gems Collection 3-Sonic Unleashed 4-Sonic Adventure 2 5-Sonic Adventure 6-Sonic Advance (Saga) 7-Sonic Heroes 8-Sonic and the black knigth (is not so so so bad) 9-Sonic Rush 10-Shadow the hedgehog (is not the best, but is way better than Sonic NextGen)
74th minute: David Carney and Nick Carle have an argument over who is better, but luckily Mark Rudan is there to settle down the turbulance, ensuring them that he is the best player...but unfortunately for him he is the only person in the world that thinks he should even play soccer.
4 For thus says the LORD, "To the eunuchs who keep My sabbaths, and choose what pleases Me, and hold fast My covenant , 5 To them I will give in My house and within My walls a memorial, and a name better than that of sons and daughters; I will give them an everlasting name which will not be cut off .
After another minute, bass and drums join the fray, kicking the song into a nice rocking groove that allows the first minute's seemingly pleasant but unremarkable vocal hook to flower into something nearly anthemic and powerful, even though the end result is a song that is better in theory than outcome.
8.3 miles on a hotel treadmill...better than running in the Lake Buena Vista tourist crowd here in Orlando.
3 Nature was always "the best friend" of Tolstoy, as he loved to say : "A friend is good ; but he will die, or he will go abroad, and one cannot follow him ; while Nature, to which one may be united by an act of purchase or by inheritance, is better.
According to the company, this turbine should cost around $1.50 per watt of rated output, and have a lifetime operating cost of about 12 cents per kilowatt-hour - comparable to, or even better than, current retail electrical rates in many parts of the country.
After a brief diversion to see Tonight Tonight on the Encore stage (a set marred by sound problems and a struggling vocalist early, but both got better by the end), it was back to Main Stage to see House of Heroes (better than I remembered, and good fun to watch) and All the Day Holiday (not very well suited for Main Stage - they'd have gone down better on Gallery or Encore - but they did a good set, nonetheless).
1) Red Dead Redemption is indeed a great game (I certainly don't think it's better than Tetris, but that's another discussion ;) .
2. And they say that by the words "it is better to marry than to burn" the apostle means this: "Do not cast your soul into the fire, so that you have to endure night and day and go in fear lest you should fall from continence.
2012 had XCOM, The Last Story, Growlanser IV, Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky, Mass Effect 3, Tales of Graces, and so on, all of which I liked better than anything from 2013.
After all, what could be better than April Fools Day on Tuesday?
01/27/2016 , It looks like drones are certainly making headlines these days, what with a Drone Racing League kicking off as well that will definitely pique the interest of those who would want nothing better than an adrenaline rush while piloting one of these tiny and...
7. Say no to procrastination- So I know no one wants to do homework on a Friday but it is better to do some the day you get the work then leaving it to the last minute.
19. "You Men Stand Killing Better than Any I Know!"
18.Jack White -- "Love is Blindness": This Patti Smith-ish take on U2's original cut off Achtung Baby is better than the real thing, and that's saying so much.
7-7 Cardinals at 8-6 Bengals, 1:00 Arizona +4½; under 41 The Bengals need a win to keep their playoff hopes alive, but they've been faltering badly; a very soft early season schedule made them look better than they really are.
18. Timberwolves - Tywon Lawson (North Carolina; PG) He's insanely fast, is a good perimeter shooter, and is better than Telfair, more of a point guard than Foye, so apart from his injuries, what's not to like?
Actually, this may be another instance a la Fight Club where the film closes the action better than the book - but that is an argument for March 13...
A bullet-proof variety that east coast growers will appreciate-capable of handling temperature and light variations better than any other organic variety-but also great for western growers thanks to strong mildew resistance.
60" is 5 feet ... if you are connecting directly to the battery, and it is under the seat ... you are probably going to have extra cable to coil up and hide some where ... better than not enough.
A few things im gonna miss about the "over there": -Fauxlivia who is now better than ourolivia -Fauxlivia's pea coat cause she looks HOT in it -Walternate
2 weeks later i had my check up and my vision was quite better than the first week .. but my left eye were much worse .. it had a bad ghosting vision and my right eye was clear vision .. i asked the doctor and he told me that there is a cornea haze in my left eye and this thing is normal .. so he told me not to worry about
1. at E and F. Ontario. is much better than a wood sled.
24 February 2010 Popular and respected BBC F1 commentator Martin Brundle has warned Lewis Hamilton, Fernando Alonso, Jenson Button, Felipe Massa et al not to underestimate the threat of returning grand prix legend Michael Schumacher in 2010 - and he speaks as a man who knows the German better than most
A 1982 controlled double blind study by Leathwood and Chauffard showed that valerian was significantly better than placebo on subjective measures of quality of sleep and difficulty in falling asleep.
5. Current favorite makeup item that you discovered/rediscovered/acquired/etc? - I recently found a ton of MAC dupes in my wet 'n wild palettes, and the matte shadow quality is better!
1871, besides encores in the northern towns, brought the return of the Requiem to Vienna; reviews were certainly better than for the premiere four years earlier, but still fairly cool and reserved.
Advantage plans were supposed to operate more efficiently and curtail the explosive growth of Medicare spending because, the thinking went, the private sector could do anything better than federal bureaucrats, and for less money.
(10:18 AM ET) CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- Shares of media conglomerate News Corp. NWSA, +3.37% were up 6.4% at $14.73 Thursday morning following the company's report of better-than-expected fiscal fourth-quarter results after the market closed on Wednesday, driven by higher revenues at its cable networks and TV stations.
A dietary transition towards less meat consumption (especially livestock productiondependent of feed concentrates) will enable a food system that is better able to mitigate and adapt to climatechange and will increase global food security.Optimal manure managementImproved manure management including distribution systems, such as slurry injections into soils or drag hos-es, reduce nutrients losses considerably.
28. Nothing Gets Better Than This- 10- Tap- Cameron Lewis- Dance Attic- 9:21
15. Brian Vickers, Michael Waltrip Racing No. 55 Toyota - Hasn't finished better than 14th in his last seven non-restrictor-plate events.
1. Tim Duncan ... better than Bosh - 2. Dwight Howard ... even with Bosh, as they can each take advantage of the other 3. Nene ... even with Bosh, as they can each take advantage of the other - 4. Yao Ming ... behind Bosh, as CB4 will simply wear him down in an up-tempo game 5. Shaquille O'Neal ... now behind Bosh, as CB4 will simply wear him down in an up-tempo game; but, formerly, was superior to Bosh, ala Timmy D.
2) support research at all levels and fund HIGH priority stuff such as, continuing research on ways to use energy more efficiently in agricultural production ( not just bigger is better, but small, innovative equipment to improve smaller scale efficiencies), improve biological pest control research and applications, research and understand and develop new technologies to improve soil health, yields and nutritional quality, varieties to withstand the environmental challenges.
11:43 a.m.: MSU 42, VU 22, 2:45 left: I'm going to go out on a limb here and say Michigan State's a lot better than Valparaiso.
111 RD, at this fccahoa, when even the power of the skill of the if aster Is doubled through Nature'said, Doctor McCoy can sec and care for twice as many patients as he he can during thesevere months of the year, consequently he can nov, better than at any other time, afford to extend tne 53 rate to all.
4. Spider-Man (Movie) I've been told that the second game is better, since there's more places to go, more enemies to fight, and since it imports the "random crimes" that Activision had in "True Crime: Streets of LA." Unfortunately, I've not played that game, but the first movie game was pretty dang good.
+1...they be telling the truth...the pretty white (bleached) nems sell much better than the brown (healthy) ones...it's a sad piece of the trade that people learn the hard way...keep your water params in check and feed it regularly and you might get lucky, but the odds are not in your favor.
· According to the 2006 Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, 51 separate studies concluded the flu vaccine worked no better than a placebo in 260,000 children ranging in age from six months to 23 months.
Aaron gillespie could play every instrument better than the people from modest mouse.
1. Adrian Peterson (yes he is better than CJ just stop it...9 TDs with goaline presence that CJ just doesn't have) 2. Chris Johnson 3. Steven Jackson 4. Maurice Jones-Drew (11 TDs wow) 5. DeAngelo Williams
A deceptively drinkable imperial helles lager that is much better than most holiday offerings I've had thus far.
98: "We do not prefer any of the saintly men among the Community over any of the Prophets but rather we say that any one of the Prophets is better than all the awliya' put together."
728 : i decide to make this because what is better than eggs, cream, cream cheese, milk, cheese, and butter, tons of butter for breaky on christmas?
15.05.2010 by DANCEHALL ENTERTAINMENT WEBSITE  Minott, who is better known as Rado, was reportedly shot in Spanish Town last night and has been admitted to hospital there.
-actually i wanted to stay with the stock ones but they really dont keep in tune very well-my squier bullet stays in tune better than this hwy1.-but
19  It is better, moreover, that the ramps leading to the top of the wall should not be open, but rather be kept closed, thus rendering it impossible for anyone desirous of betraying the city to the p115 enemy to seize part of the wall in advance, and that the sentinels, men of your choice, may be obliged to remain constantly on the wall and not come down.
Actually, Towson has the ability in theory to be better than either Bethesda and Silver Spring, because it has better retail (Towson Town Center is comparable to Montgomery Mall but with even more upscale stores).
[ 18 ] Dave de Sylvia of Sputnikmusic called it "an extremely well-crafted rock album," saying it was somewhat better than its predecessor Minutes to Midnight (2007), but does not live up to their debut, Hybrid Theory (2000).
After a superb but sadly over-hyped debut LP that captured better than most the brief psychedelic glory of the Haight Ashbury era (and is now rightly regarded as a classic), they had spectacularly blown apart during the making of their sophomore set WOW, which saw the exit of the visionary Spence.
A chrome-lined carbon steel barrel will meet the needs of the majority of shooters, and in many instances may even meet specific needs better than a stainless steel barrel.
1. Jaws Is Better- I'm going to play this with every person I know when talking about films.
2) Piloting The Callaway C16 Speedster On Highway 1 What's better than driving a shiny new automotive prototype?
Admittedly, a coaching staff of John Wooden, Adolph Rupp and Mike Krzyzewski might have trouble going better than 2-3 against a schedule that included road games at Connecticut, Florida and Kentucky.
Academics curious about what goes on at the annual World Science Fiction Convention could not do better than order a copy of The Noreascon Proceedings , which includes transcripts of a number of panel discussions and papers presented at the 1971 Boston convention, from New England Science Fiction Association, Box G, MIT Branch Post Office, Cambridge MA 02139, for $12.00.
4.) English Channel - During 2005 and 2006 they didn't come much better than this son of Smart Strike.
0930: UK claimant count rose by 10,000 in October (Consensus: 0), but the unemployment rate dropped to 7.8 per cent for the three months to September after a reading of 7.9% per cent in the previous month, a tenth of a percentage point better than was expected.
According to reviews, super metriod is better than the original metriod in every way, so i think nintendo should've put super metriod in the ambassador program instead (yea its a snes not a nes game) --- True Ambassador of the 3DS.
2. Move games that are better than Wii mote and Kinect (as Sony started it all off with Eyetoy) Starwars, Samurai Shodown, and Bushido Blade jump to mind.
1) Aqualad knows sorcery better than Wally.
4) Most disingenuous of all from the President is the continuing line of debate that goes something like "this bill might not be perfect, but it is much better than doing nothing--like some in the Republican party are suggesting".
17. Miyamoto Y, Fukui S, Kajiyama T, et al.. Analysis of collateral blood flow to the lower body during selective cerebral perfusion: is three-vessel perfusion better than two-vessel perfusion?
3) vigorously nodded his head yes along with William Regal when Miz asked Bryan if he was better than him, then put his hands out wide and said "by a lot" to Regal.
Adam, the founder of Global Minds Mandarin Preschool & Language Academy, knows this better than anyone, having spent almost seven years teaching English in Asia and Africa.
40s -No Label- Mens navy blue background, red, white, green plaid wool blanket cloth mackinaw hunting coat with hip length styling, doublebreasted construction, six buttons, slightly fitted sides, straight hem, waist self belt with metal buckle, lower flapped inset pockets, upper slash pockets, wide deeply notched collar, and plaid cotton flannel lining (several small mends, couple of rewoven spots on left sleeve, minor repairs to sleeve lining hem, otherwise better than average condition for period outerwear)
A friend who's been out of work off and on for two years, and homeless for most of the past few months, has a new job (part time but better than nothing) and has a line on an apartment.
3. Woman is fat and knows she will never do better than the joker she is marrying.
6. Emeka Okafor- Solid defensive presence with size for a center so he has high value 7. Kevin Martin- Probably better than Okafor but since he only scores he's not as valuable.
44. Read a Spooky Story     Nobody did scares better than the father of modern dramatic suspense, Edgar Allen Poe, 1809-1849, who lived for many years and died in Baltimore.
3+ if the cage is entirely in tact and I need to try something desperate (in which case a 1+, 2+ and then a two-dice block (probably) is still better than most desperate gambles, but unless I've made a complete pig's ear of it and have nobody by the cage I'd be hopefully only needing to dodge into two TZs with some helpful shoving.
1. Have enough food and water to stay in your residence for at least a week, two is better.
After all, she has Oliver, a man who loves her better than Smith ever did.
...92" WS 03/14 "One of the superstars of the vintage, this blend of 80% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Franc smelled and tasted better than the great Petrus.
#2 ; It is known that the human ear hears certain sounds better than others (for survival purposes our brains learned to value frequencies in which voice occurs over others), so all frequencies above 15.5k
67-71 Ovarian cancer drives the mortality rate among BRCA mutation carriers, 4 and therefore any intervention that reduces ovarian cancer risk is likely better than no intervention at all.
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) tequila (Gold, Corzo- 100% agave blanco any) 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) fresh lime juice 1/2 teaspoon superfine granulated sugar , I used the agave nectar , better than sugar 1 pony (1-ounce) Triple Sec or Cointreau , I did not use triple sec or Cointreau as I find my drinks too sweet with their addition.
4. Cat Scratch Fever - Pantera (10/10)- Better than the original 5. Iron Man - Black Sabbath (10/10)- Excellent 6. Highway to Hell - Marilyn Manson (7.5/10)-
#2 all the guys listed are better than anyone we drafted the past 5-10 years at WR not named steve smith.
Aberasturi ran for State Rep in the 08 primary and has been on Hartland School Board, which seems to do one thing better than many others in the county, stay out of the news.
1. Great Clips   Based on 4 Ratings Great for men: I can't speak for women, but for men wanting a fast, inexpensive and consistantly good quality haircut, there is no place better than this branch of the Great Clips... 2. Clayton Place Salon   Based on 2 Ratings 3. Salon Ladue   Based on 2 Ratings
According to Neoseeker's testing, the hexa-core Thuban dies clock better than the Deneb ones.
According to Mould, their untitled first album was even better than the Ramones´ debut, as, and I quote: "a guitar solo came by every now and then".
(1) In this world of mendacity and fraud, at least one ad claim has a basis in fact - brown bottles do protect beer better than green or clear.
Adam Kennedy and Brendan Ryan are the only regulars with better than a .300
+9 could well happen, because only a dunderhead would insist that the Republican GOTV operation is better than that of the Democrats.
After all, they say word of mouth is still better than any expensive marketing campaign.
[ 12 ] John Orvet felt, "This is Krusty's best episode-better than the reunion with his father, or the Bar Mitzvah episode, which won an Emmy much later on.
1st grade Fragile, weak, tired looking (May not have actually felt tired, just looked tired in pictures ) Constant phlegm and cold like symptoms from 5?- 9 years old (menarche) 2nd grade Better than 1st grade, I was able to make friends Emys and Tania We played together I don't think I was really that tired 3rd grade Most of my "happy" memories stem from this grade Maybe euphoric?
A bunch of prominent people are fog-bound at a London airport, their lives intermingle, etc. Liz Taylor looks awful but acts a bit better than as Cleopatra, Burton is excellent, Margaret Rutherford is classic, Elsa Martinelli is almost embarrassing, Louis Jourdan is surprisingly good, Rod Taylor and Maggie Smith are fine, and Orson Welles does a splendid imitation of Akim Tamiroff.
3 stars "Color: deep; Nose: discreet; Acidity: supple; Sweetness: medium dry; Body: medium-bodied; Finish: medium; Overall: pleasant; This wine was better than some other Chianti's, but as a whole these are not our favorite wines.
7  Yes, Lord God, thou hast bidden this servant of thine reign where his father reigned; but, Lord, what am I? No better than a little child, that has no skill to find its way back and forth.
22 Reasons why Star Wars is better than Star Trek
Adding that the release of Bol is a reflection of this demand, he says, "Bol did better than any Bollywood film which was released around the same time - if we want to make space for our movies in the global market, we need to tackle subjects which have international relevance.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. last week signed a letter of intent to purchase the Geode product line from National Semiconductor Corp., a move that will put the family of thin-client X86 processors and support silicon into the hands of a company that is better suited to exploit its strengths, according to analysts.
11-23-12 WAIS Divide Our progress in getting to the Pine Island Glacier (PIG) drill site has been much better than last season.
[2] My instinctive reaction to these new paintings was two-fold: first, these late Abstract Paintings were qualitatively better than those that came before (that is Richter's "painting in the eighties"); second, that this improvement related somehow to a playfulness in this later work, a desire to frolic-as Wood puts it-in the "ruins" of Modernist painting.
10. Spandau Ballet - To Cut A Long Story Short I knew this one but for some reason thought it was Adam Ant! It's much better than True or Gold in my opinion and I don't (knowingly!) know any others of their songs.
3 His Son is the radiance of his glory, the very image of his substance, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purified us of our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; 4 having become so much better than the angels, as he has inherited a more excellent name than they have.
A digital-to-phase converter (DPC) with a resolution better than 100 femto-second resolution, a hybrid analog/digital clock and data recovery (CDR) architecture that improves the tracking range of tra- ditional CDRs by an order of magnitude, and a digital CDR architecture that obviates the need for the charge pump and the large area occupying loop filter, while achieving error-free operation are presented.
A daughter-in-law, who is also a niece, is better-suited to look after the older family members than someone who doesn't know the family well," Ali claimed.
14 other racers, damage is fantastic, sound is unbelieveable and the steering wheel is better than ever , you drive this game for 10 laps and you will have arms like a body builder.
[ 173 ] [ 174 ] In an interview with Ryan Seacrest , Coldplay 's frontman Chris Martin also commended Grande's vocal ability when he was asked if a duet with her was a possibility, to which he said "I would man, but she can sing so much better than me.
2. " Overstrike" was just a trailer (not even made by Insomniac by the way), so you can't say it was better than  "FUSE" because you never saw it in action.
04/21/2011 , It's even better than the leak from Costo suggested it: Verizon and Samsung have finally announced the Droid Charge today (vs.
A couple quick hits on some of the other comments...sorry but I know he's only a rookie and plays for my favorite team, so I'm probably biased a little, but if he holds true and gets better, Mike Williams will be better than Ocho, if not already better than him.
10:14 am Cisco Down 2.4% On Earnings/Guidance Results (CSCO) After the close yesterday, Cisco (CSCO $19.95 -0.48) reported second quarter earnings of $0.47 per share, $0.04 better than the Capital IQ Consensus Estimate of $0.43; revenues rose 10.6% year/year to $11.5 bln vs the $11.23 bln consensus.
A favourite destination for seafood lovers, Eithna O'Sullivan's atmospheric harbourside seafood restaurant teems with life throughout the summer and her food is better than ever.
2 Thus I have seen You in the sanctuary,   To see Your power and Your glory.   3 Because Your lovingkindness is better than life,   My lips will praise You.   4 So I will bless You as long as I live;   I will lift up my hands in Your name.   5 My soul is satisfied as with marrow and fatness,   And my mouth offers praises with joyful lips.
Add Anthony Davis and Carmelo Anthony into the mix and it's nearly a toss-up as to who is better.
3 If the wayfarer's spiritual condition and mood allow him to perform this special prayer what other grace better than this can he ask for?
About the 16-35: I left all my Nikon gear at Nikon Service Center to get them calibrated with my camera, and after that the auto focus is better in the 16-35.
4. Individuals can spend their money better than government on many things, mostly individual, but not on everything, not on public health needs like vaccines, or basic scientific research, or building roads and bridges and the electric grid or a justice system, or policing or firefighting, or insuring our food and medications are safe to take, our airplanes are safe to fly and land, our air is safe to breathe, and so forth.
Actually it is better than you would expect, with gauche but enjoyable symbols of bitten apples and wedding night stabbings, a spirit of the forest taken straight out of Princess Mononoke , and seven dwarves played by the very best British character actors.
3 Birmingham Detroit Country Day (3-0) - Burney's having a hard time deciding for himself which is better...Coach Mac and the 'Jackets explosive and multi-dimensional offense or their big play and ultra-aggressive 'D? Don't sleep on junior John Hill, probably the best second string tailback in the county.
1. Paddle Stuff: Summer is right around the corner and what could be better than man paddling through the sparkling crystal blue waters of some lake with the cool, light summer breeze brushing across his face?
2014 marks the fourth year for the Philadelphia International Tango Festival and Klein has been working all year to make it bigger and better than before.
24 Such optimism did Watson affect that on Thanksgiving Day he offered a prayer of gratitude: "I am sincerely thankful that the storm of political hatred is abating; that a Populist is now considered a shade better than a pickpocket; and that 'Tom Wat- son' is no longer regarded as a junior partner to the devil."
$10 modem that works is better than most of your afternoon sunk trying to play footsie with a PCI bridge that's got a 'problem'?
After depleting their health (a simple feat - they're only slightly better than normal Galbadian Soldiers and Elites), they get sucked up in a tornado as Elvo ret gets annoyed at all the racket.
2008 Kawasaki Ninja 250 R 9100km White/black in colour - Also have complete stock black fairing set for an additional $500 Custom repacked exhaust - sounds better than aftermarket exhausts for this bike Double bubble windscreen Aftermarket air filter Shogun frame sliders Solo seat cover Asking...
8) when his new NBC comedy, "Go On," gets a commercial-free preview following the Olympics broadcast.He's probably hoping it goes better than the other two: Both "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip" and "Mr.
4.) In April, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly described a "problematic" remark by Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor as "reverse racism" and said it sounded like she thought "that Latina judges are obviously better than white male judges."
1.SMG 2.Viru 3.Merchant (he is an opened but better than Dravid at 3) 4.SRT 5. Pataudi (two eyed) Hazare or Sardesai 6.Kapil Dev (how we love him no?) 7.Engineer or Kirmani (both are fantastic) 8.Nissar (fast bowler 1) 9. Srinath (fast bowler 2) 10.Prasanna 11.Subhash Gupte (better than Warne)
Actually it was the mc who put Charice and Luna up against each and of course they said Charice is better something along the lines of "as expected of an idol and a world star" and luna felt hurt and cried
3. The Encyclopaedia of Sport by Henry Charles Howard Suffolk, Hedley Peek, Frederick George Aflalo (1897) "The disease in ferrets that answers to "distemper" in dogs is known as ... For ferrets this is much better than the ordinary sub-limed sulphur, ..."
after 60 years of pop culture is anyone seriously saying that this has any merit - this is just dreadful - everything that is wrong with the X Factor generation - no originality - a really ordinary tune - the same boring structure - the same brain dead beat - 'so what' singing - just vacuous nothingness - we have to be able to do better than this - and it's at number 1 !!! Embarrassing
10, Washington State --- The general word on the Cougars is pretty good front-line talent, maybe better than everyone thinks.
Accurate diffusion Monte-Carlo (DMC) and quantum chemistry (QC) calculations are presented for these quantities showing marked improvement over DFT and agreement of much better than chemical accuracy.
Adam, a 27-year old Darfuri asylum seeker who was interviewed by the Times of Israel , said that he came to Israel because he "heard that it's the only democratic country in the Middle East and the conditions are much better than other countries in Africa.
#2 BBQ Chicken Pizza - Chopped chicken breast, my newest Secret BBQ Sauce , Mozz and some of my basic rub .. (this one was better than expected only change next time I'll use a more tangy cheese ..the mozz was buried in the flavor of the sauce and chicken)
3) Better mental training - the dude was at Duke, Frank isn't teaching him how to win in the NBA better than Coach K was teaching him how to win in the NCAA
1-4 Although better than pharmacological therapy, percutaneous catheter-based approaches also yield poor success rates in this specific subset of patients.
A better than average pale ale although I didn't pick up much of a rye malt presence.
4 But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree; and he requested for himself that he might die, and said, "It is enough; now, O LORD, take my life, for I am not better than my fathers." 5 He lay down and slept under a juniper tree; and behold, there was an angel touching him, and he said to him, "Arise, eat."...
1. Giants - no one is better than them when they're at the top of their game 2. 49ers - incredible defense and a good enough offense 3. Packers - we might have their number, but they still scare me 4. Falcons - sorry, but I can't get behind a team that has struggled like they have in the playoffs 5. Bears - I'd welcome a first-round playoff matchup with them 6.
According to the Edge, the paper owned by Anwar's own good friend Tong, FGV didn't do as well as Astro, Gas Malaysia or Khazanah's IHH (all of which recorded single-digit percent gains on their list price) but it was definitely better than Pasukkhas Group (-53 per cent), Hap Huat Holdings (-26 per cent) and China Stationery (-25 per cent).
actually, the samsung galaxy s3 doesn't look as good as the htc one x, the new optimus G also looks good and simple,the material also looks good, the build quality looks better than the galaxy s3 build quality if i am asked to choose any one of the 3 phones, i would choose the galaxy s3, but htc one x is the winner when it comes to sexy design
ABOUT THE PRIZE: Win a 12-pack of Spiker Lifestyle Holders, with our #1 souvenir print  "Life is Better at the Beach"  Prize includes 2 each of red, royal blue, pink, teal, lime and orange.
+1, very cool indeed ... That could really be useful, probably also for "core developers" if it manages to make the editing experience of formatted docs better than that of editing (sometimes cryptic) markup.
Added Alliterative Appeal : Though what actually occurs in the game is generic train surfing (since there are no below-ground trains in the game), the name "Subway Surfers" just rolls off the tongue better than "Train Surfers".
125K from the New York Yankees seems a hell of a lot better than 125K from the Kansas City Royals.
Aesthetically I actually like the Metro interface and I think Apps like USA today and OneNote are gorgeous on and much better than the IOS versions.
1.04pm: Serie A is better than the Premier League again!
72. Archived Article: Tech Focus - Wednesday, October 11, 2000 How about those people at Apple Computer Sherry, please put Commentary under the Tech Focus box on the front Cube bucks bigger is better theory By Pete McMickle Special to The Daily News How about those people at Apple Computer?
205 XS, Citroen AX GT, Rover Metro GTa 16v, Fiesta 1.6S, Mini Cooper, 205 GTi's, Renault Clio 1.8 RSI, Fiat Uno Turbo, R5 Turbo, Renault 5 1.7 GTX, 106 XSi, Mitsubishi Colt GTi, VW Polo GT/G40 (if you can find one); these are just a few hot hatches that are better than Novas in every area!
90% better than the old plastic, and infused with vitamin D. By going with the 1 piece plastic cup, he could give me a larger base, thus a larger ball, compared to a metal base with ceramic cup insert.
A citizens panel recommended the Simpsons after stamps of Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley had sold a lot better than, say, the Millard Fillmore 13 cent commemorative.
4. Dark Shadows: The Complete Original Series: This day time soap opera which ran from 1966-1971 is oddly addictive, with a gothic atmosphere that works better than it should and some intriguing mysteries the like of which daytime television had never seen before and hasn't since.
1 Guard your steps when you go to God's house; for to draw near to listen is better than to give the sacrifice of fools, for they don't know that they do evil.
A 2013 model for instance would be able to replicate the past 20 years much better than any 1993 models did projecting 20 years out from that time.
About 50 people volunteer to be monsters in the maze, and the house, called "Darkness Falls," is scarier and better than most professional haunted houses.
Activision CEO Bobby Kotick attributed the better-than-expected projections to a 44% increase in sales during Thanksgiving week vs. the year-ago period.
After building, [Des] found that the unit performed very well, better than his authentic 30's radio that he compared it with.
8. But he is better skilled in the controversies in New York than in the geography or history of Judea.
3. John Stockton is the best pure point guard ever/is better than Isiah Thomas: Stop it.
7. "The children were nestled all ___ in their beds" : SNUG The poem "A Visit from St. Nicholas" was published anonymously in 1823, and is better known today by its first line "'Twas the night before Christmas".
After a period of public bloodletting, Robb Flynn (who does that better than anyone) announced that Machine Head were holding auditions for a new bassist to cover the band for the Mayhem Festival tour.
A drawing showing a neuron (the main cell type in the brain and nervous system) with text labels close to the different parts A map showing the member states of the European Community A sequence of pictures or an animation with captions, showing how lightening happens over time Note: Surprisingly, a sequence of static images works as well and sometimes better than a full-fledged animation.
After depleting their health (a simple feat - they're only slightly better than normal Galbadian Soldiers and Elites), they get sucked up in a tornado as [[GiantSpaceFleaFromNowhere Elvo]][[DegradedBoss ret]] gets annoyed at all the racket.
Absolutely new and pristine; stored, never registered; maintained and waxed better than regularly; Military-Euro-Purchase; driven only Port to Home, 176 miles total after mechanic's recent testing (all fluids/lines tested and approved, and high-octane racing fuel added during performance check)...she is running like a top and ready for sale.
After gold and silver yesterday, Italy completed an hat-trick of medals by taking the bronze in this race, thanks to national champion Vincenzo Nibali , who set a time of 28'56"36, more than 4 seconds better than the one of race favorite Thomas Dekker (Holland - 29'00"55).
2. Being Caleb is better than being Superman.
A controlled depression is far better than rampant 20% plus inflation that is the probable result of failing to protect a country's own economy.
A/B TESTING BETTER THAN GUESSING Deshpande is funding Chris Smith, a UMass Lowell Computer Science student, with $500 to set up a framework to measure MVHub usability.
According to the 2011 Bersin & Associates report Building a Learning Culture Through Holistic, Environmental Support for On-Demand Learning , organizations with a strong culture of learning simply perform better than those without it.
A 3-0 series lead takes much more than a single game to erase, and Los Angeles knows that better than anyone after its first-round comeback over the Sharks.
19. HHH v. Shelton Benjamin - 3/29, RAW In my opinion this was HHH's best performance of the year as he carries Benjamin to a dramatic, exciting match, taking every page out of the old "Flair makes a green guy look better than he is" book and doing a pretty good job in the process.
39958 NEW RIVER BUILDABLE LAND CANT BETTER THAN THIS! ALL EXCLUSIVE ACCESS TO NEW RIVER W/EXPANSIVE ONE MILE OF COMMON AREA DONE IN COMPLETE LUXURY FROM A TO Z WITH AFFORDABLE PRICING.
ability to place Android app shortcuts in the Metro interface -- then this solution is EVEN BETTER than having a dual-boot device running Windows8 and Android separately.
1. Beware of a tendency to presume to know your mentees business better than they do: You don't 2. The way you have tackled problems, in the past, is not necessarily the way a mentee should tackle, what you may think is, a similar problem 3.
A Flyers team that is better than the New Jersey Devils, and that got a long stretch of great goaltending from Ilya Bryzgalov, nonetheless finds itself hip-deep now in a... Read more
A 2013 Cochrane review concluded that anxiety disorders are best treated by consulting a professional therapist, but also that "self-help is probably better than no treatment".
After dinner I to White Hall (setting down my wife by the way) to a Committee of Tangier, where the Duke of Yorke, I perceive, do attend the business very well, much better than any man there or most of them, and my [mind] eased of some trouble I lay under for fear of his thinking ill of me from the bad successe in the setting forth of these crew men to Tangier.
1 Lb 2 oz Wholesale Lot 20 pieces mixed Costume New Fashion Jewelry #A8 Zoom and check pictures.You will receive all pictured items Rest assured that you not only will get much more and the best quality available for your money but also you will receive items that are better than pictured or described and that exceeds your expectations for the money you pay.
Accelerating the Shift from Cash to Electronic Payments: The Better than Cash Alliance Today, some 2.6 billion people live on less than US$2 per day and 90 percent of them lack access to formal financial services.
5. Deron Williams is better than Chris Paul : This is the worst one, and I have to hear about on local sports radio all the time.
4. Heavy is the head that wears the crown: Texas A&M opened the regular season ranked No. 6 in both polls, lower than is traditionally true of the title holder, but two spots better than its place in the final regular-season poll last season.
Add some quite wonky camera controls, only slightly above-average graphics, voice acting that is little better than House of the Dead's, and load times that are so slow and frequent that they would test the patience of the Dali Llama himself, and what you have is a game that is a chore to play.
A few witty remarks after a toast, seem to suit them better than an oration that spreads all over the face of the globe and gets you nowhere.
2009 Horse of the Year, and the immensely popular, Rachel Alexandra  is doing  "better than expected" despite a second (minor) surgical procedure performed this past Saturday according to a statement from owner Stonestreet Farm.
1. Lane Johnson, OT Will eventually become as good or better than Fisher and Joeckel.
Add to that the consistent high quality level of musical guests, the unusual pairings of artists, the "theme weeks", and the fact that the Roots can apparently play any style of music better than just about anyone else - well, the game has been raised, and significantly.
"A Fight for the Cure" might've had an honorable mission - to raise funds and awareness for breast cancer, by way of the Susan G. Komen Foundation - but a championship fight and three former Holly Holm opponents for New Mexico's first all-female fight card could do no better than a meager crowd of 500.
2009 Paris Fashion Show Which word is better to impress Marc Jacobs Show this year?In 2009,fashion spring and summer fashion winds is putting down Paris fashion girls.The elegant Paris woman dressing Paris style is lighting in the fashion show.
A black man has a better-than-decent chance at being nominated as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court when William Rehnquist leaves the bench.
Actually I can fit in more stuff on less space and all of it is better organized than in my old Crumpler "Ugly Divorce", which is a great and stylish bobo-laptop-bag, but it's just not as cleverly designed.
Abu Darda narrated that Rasool Allah said, "Should I not tell you of such a thinga which are the best and purest deeds in the court of your Lord, high in ranks (darajat), better for you then spending gold and silver (in Allah's path), and better than slaying the neck of the enemy during war?
3G internet speed is better compared to Galaxy Y Duos.
After all, what could be better than a mashup of country and jazz?
19. Apuleius (of whom I choose rather to speak, because, as our own countryman, he is better known to us Africans), though born in a place of some note,  2557 and a man of superior education and great eloquence, never succeeded, with all his magical arts, in reaching, I do not say the supreme power, but even any subordinate office as a magistrate in the Empire.
2. Earnhardt is a factor again -- It's not looking all that promising lately since Earnhardt has dropped seven spots in the standings in the past six races, but look at the bright side: He's 11 spots better than he was at the end of last season.
1 Andrew Garfield is a much better Peter Parker (and Spider-Man): Garfield just IS Peter Parker, combining the geekiness, charm, scientific brilliance, humour and sense of responsibility that define Peter Parker in a way that captures the essence of the character much better than MacGuire ever did.
1. Whichever language you are most comfortable with is 'better', both perl and python have more than adequate web-scraping libraries available (but IMO it's a task that falls more naturally into perl's problem-domain).
#1 WR Josh Gordon had the same VDB score as Jimmy Graham, both were just a little better than #6 RB Eddie Lacy.
1. Trust that this path is leading you somewhere better than you could ever imagine.
About the only thing Uldum had going for it besides the badly underutilized Tol'vir was Thrall's merciful absence, though Harrison's not much better than him there, and similarly suffered a lot of player backlash.
2011.12.21 Jackie Slone LabVIEW 8.6 Uchebnik bistrogo chteniya - Toni Byuzen CDs sound much better than downloads with this kind of music.
#6: Contents: Higher Education, I Don't Want Kids, Relationships: Compatible Companionship or Living Death?, Animals Are Better Than People written by Debbie Goad , The Selected Jobs of Phil Bland, The Party, Just A Little Halloween Story, The Politics of Condom Use, You Don't Control Me, Feedback Whine, poetry, zine reviews, Loompanics Book Reviews.
%0D %0D Plus she could sing better than the average pop star (also classically trained though not used that way) and her acting skills were strong enough for her to be the first and foremost choice for the lead role in Lolita, which her Dad - a Radio star himself - promptly turned down.%0D
$60   $55 for early bird registration (1 week prior)   Description - School holiday is an excellent time to bond with your children and what is better than a hands-on baking class with your child.
3 1/2 cups leftover Hoppin' John (see above) 3 1/2 cups tasty vegan broth    (I like Better Than Bouillon "No-Chicken" vegan broth base) 1 tablespoon tomato paste 9 ounces sweet potato (orange flesh) , peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice 4 ounces Swiss chard (weighed after large stalks are removed) or other fresh greens, washed, drained and thinly sliced 1/2 tablespoon cider vinegar about 3 cups hot cooked brown rice (I used a combo of brown Basmati and Thai red rice) smoked paprika
1. Acknowledging disagreements is often better than resolving them.
18.01 Health Insurance : The WPS-HIP Group Health Insurance Plan with a $100 deductible or a plan that is equal to or better than the WPS-HIP plan shall be implemented and remain in effect for the life of this agreement.
50,000 miles conservatively valued at 1 cent per mile would be $500, plus $100 Global Entry/TSA PreCheck credit, plus Admirals Club value which I would definitely pay at least $100 cash for, plus free first checked bag per person, (I am putting the 10,000 elite qualifying mile opportunity at zero since I'm not chasing status this year), all minus the $450 annual fee is a little better than half the $500 value I'm looking for.
5. provided with high-energy feed, and milked them regularly, Hobstein cows will produce Best choice among not good answer choices - "will produce" not as good as "produce", but it is better than present progressive "are producing"
19:02:42 hi gary 19:02:45 just you and me so far 19:02:55 no thanks to my confusion about days... :-/ 19:02:56 OK; let me get my windows set up. 19:03:15 yah, I thought it was going to be tomorrow, oh well, in some ways this is better.
A boat trip up the Hudson River was considered by European travelers, such as Fanny Kemble, equal to, if not better than, a trip down the Rhine.
According to one network's poll, better than 48% of those voting for Clinton in West Virginia, indicated that race was the major factor in their voting for Clinton.
1. Stokes has caved, what a surprise; 2. recent $700k CAFR mistake hardly accounts for lack of internal audits over last 30 years; 3. get that petition up and running, I'd sign it; 4. if nothing else, at least we now have a new marketing slogan for the city, dreamed up by our very own Council members: "Baltimore - Better than Nothing".
17 Advantages of the "Incremental/ Sales Response" Approach Sales Force Size/Allocation Decisions Managers gain insight while coming to consensus on sales response curves Focuses on profitability rather than efficiency Can highlight opportunities which may be clouded by firm's historical approach to allocation of resources Call Planning Decisions Sales Rep thinks about the territory S/he is better prepared for each call Improves weekly and long-range planning Spend time where it will pay off most Frees up time for selling Better communication between salesperson and supervisor Subordinate to salesperson's judgment (more likely to be used)
1. How could you say an ad from a totally wrong ad group about a subject not related to the search phrase is "better performing"?
2) To the 'it can't be better than a prime' folks, you are correct in principle, but throw the latest tech, design and (as an engineer, I'm assuming) spectacularly tight tolerances at the problem, and yes, a zoom can beat a prime.
Adler stats are decent, and okay 8/4 with stop might be overpowered for 3 star 7/4 is fine, every clan should have a decent stop card except for skeelz, and i dont see how backlash is better than stop cards?
A 17 ga is always - well almost always going to give you more spin so the SS will naturally rip over the ball better than the 16 ga NXT - but the SS is a pure Poly and packs more punch also. 2 differnt strings.
1: Flycatcher, whose real name is Ambrose, and is better known to mundies as the prince who was once turned into a frog.
1957 Chevrolet Bel Air 2DR HT For Sale 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air 2DR HT ..Total Restoration ..100 Miles on Build ..Vintage Air ..New Crate Z4 Corvette V8 Engine ..Automatic Trans ..Black Paint better than Excellent ..Black & White Custom .....
1992 : "Even Better Than The Real Thing" 1993 : "Numb" 1997 : "Please" (BONUS: "Please"- Rehearsal Take 1 / Take 2 / Take 3 ) 2001 : "Elevation," "Stuck In A Moment" and Video Vanguard Award
88. Smith dropped only one pass (5 percent of targets, better than Calvin Johnson, Hakeem Nicks and DeSean Jackson).
2. CT is better for identifying calcium and the extent and type of bone destruction and alteration.
(8 ) Then, "in the / main dust [from which we all rise and then return, all mortal, even Rumsfield/eld ], from the self same / main dust spring" is, again, that at bottom we are all THE SAME (neither male better than femaele nor vice versa nor other gender identifications Over others, etc.).
24, prison break, lost and house are all far better than this garbage."
(1) Spending a chapter or two on a primer as to why certain lines (Bold Ruler, Northern Dancer) do better than others (Man O'War, etc.) would give the reader a real foundation for the information contained inside.
$8k for 200k miles on an SD crew cab is much better than I've seen around here.
4. Covering cornerbacks: Junior Brandon Flowers showed last season that he might be the most talented cornerback to have played at Virginia Tech -- better than former NFL first-round pick DeAngelo Hall and second-round choice Jimmy Williams.
1 rotisserie chicken, skin, bones and fat removed 3-4 celery stalks, chopped 3-4 medium sized carrots, chopped 1 large sweet onion, chopped 4-5 cloves garlic, minced 1 can corn 1 can black beans, rinsed 1 (24oz) can tomatos, whole, cut into chunks 2-4 jalapeno peppers, seeds removed, minced 3-4 tbsp Better Than Buoillon, Chicken broth 2 tbsp olive oil 2.5 tsp ground cumin or to taste 2.5 tsp ground coriander or to taste 2-4tbsp cilantro 10 cups water
After a tense back-nine battle, the slightly built 37-year-old ended up two better than Mallinger, Garrigus (68) and last week's Hawaii champion, Johnson Wagner, who charged with a 65.
1 i didnt do them my self i got them done it shouldnt be to hard to do its juts time consuming 2 i never heard of people craking them putting them on but i have heard of it when people take them off 3 they look great 100 times better than original
184 The person referred to as the star is given the key of the bottomless pit, or the pit of the abyss, as it is better translated.
[ 90 ] [ 79 ] Despite its disadvantages the Armée de l'Air performed far better than expected, destroying 916 enemy aircraft in air-to-air combat during the Battle of France, for a kill ratio of 2.35:1, with almost a third of those kills accomplished by French pilots flying the US built Curtiss Hawk 75 which accounted for 12.6 percent of the French single-seat fighter force.
42-add in the PG they got (local product from Crenshaw) Marcus Williams , along with last years #9 pick Brendan Wright and this years # (?)13 pick Anthony Randolphand GS may be looking better than they were last year
1. it contains one of my favorite reggae riddims of all time (I am far from home so I can't give you the title right now - if I remember correctly it's the last track on the C-side - to my ears the instrumental sounds better than the vox mix) 2. I rather listen to the "Spider's Web" than to "The General" because I just love to hear these instrumentals without any vocals at all.
02.10.2009 by Yves Smith Peace: Dr. Stephan Bolliger, Dr. Steffen Ross, Dr. Lars Oesterhelweg, Dr. Michael Thali, and Beat Kneubuehl of the University of Bern, Switzerland , for determining - by experiment - whether it is better to be smashed over the head with ...
12. Vern Stephens (n/e) - I love shortstop that can hit like outfielders and play above average defense, call me crazy :-) Clearly better than Doerr IMO.
After a quick sample, determined that the Sauvignon Blanc glass worked better than the Chardonnay glass.
5. City building, personally, I like it more that the city grows around your roads, it takes away the burden of micromanagement, comparing it to SC, which is the point of this review, it is better, not like SC2013 gives you many tools, just plop some zones and based on the road density, buildings plop out, well this mechanism is similar in CIM2, the road density affects the size of the building.
6. Hilhi baseball: Perhaps no game describes the Spartans' baseball revival season better than their 10-4 victory over McMinnville on April 16 .
[ 7 ] This involved a running start, but even so, it's reason to think that a golf ball might work better than a baseball.
Adding two more minutes to a workout is much easier than adding two more miles, and this gradual increase is better for your long-term aerobic conditioning.
[ 56 ] Given that the Rheinwiesenlager stretched along 200 kilometers of the Rhine river, "Bacque's 726,000 dead would mean roughly 3,600 dead per kilometer or 5,800 per mile - better than one corpse per foot.
8. House on Haunted Hill (1999) - William Malone's remake of William Castle's original should be filed under "better than it has any right to be." Yes, there is the terrible CG and the Chris Kattan and the Lisa Loeb roller coaster cameo (I'm just so scared to lose), but Geoffrey Rush is awesome and some stuff is genuinely creepy.
[ 20 ] Theme Park Review 's Robb Alvey shared the view the Kraken was better than the competition which included Dollywood 's Wild Eagle and Dorney Park 's Hydra the Revenge .
2. The north beach Sunrise Lane area is a bit worse for wear, I'll admit, but it's interesting in a time-warpy way, and it's certainly better than some cringe-inducting city makeover.
Actually the thing that make present mantle work better than the platinium wire mantles of old is due to hree facts: that they are oxides and there thakes less heat to keep at a high temperature; that the oxide contains cerium oxide which is a wonderful radiator of energy in the visible light wavelengths and that the oxides have a much higher melting point than platinium.
Absolutely no air bubbles and no peeling of edges caused by friction rubbing in my holster, it seems to have been a better-than-expected temporary screen protector (still waiting for my real screen protectors to arrive) to the point where I'll be keeping this one on.
After day one at the World Angling Championships in Spain, England were well placed as the home nations all caught a mix of species better than most of their rivals.
3.5 stars: Not really an "excellent addition to any prog rock music collection," but it really is better than "good, but non-essential."
2. Firefly was actually shot in High Definition, so the Blu-Ray is going to look substantially better than something that was transferred from basic video (Tape) or film (El Mariachi).
1 in 5 (20%) males are expectant optimists who stated that they think Sydney is better now than it was 5 years ago and it will be even better in 5 years' time compared with only 14% of females.
5. Island Stylin' Few places outside of Hawaii champion the aloha spirit better than O.C., so it makes sense that Island Sole would open its first mainland store at Fashion Island, offering slippers by Rainbow and Havaianas, and a few closed-toe options, like the new Mauna Kea boots by Olukai.
A few friends live an exciting life as students in New York.Through their hobbies, music, dance and art they learn each other,they have fun and pain and they find the steps that lead them closer to love.All-human,better than summary;B&E,A&J,Em&R,L&J
After a Des Moines Sunday Register poll showed Clinton trailed John Edwards and Barack Obama in the state, a memo from Mike Henry suggest Clinton's campaign money may be better spent in states that show the NY Senator is faring better than third place.
Actually come to think of it this entity is a three headed hydra which once and for all disproves the theory that two-in this instance three- heads are better than one.
4 If a man does keep honest ware, and deal like a faithful man,-however crabbed he may be people in the long run will actually grow to like him better than any other.
Actually I would think it would be a better score for AMD than for Intel, as most tablets i've seen were used for portable PMPs and the AMD C and E series Bobcats are frankly perfect for that niche, much better than Atom now that Intel killed ION.
3.99 for a 6er.... an excellent price, and much much much better than pretty much any other beer in this price range, other than Simple Times Lager, Nametag Lager (which are also sold at Trader Joe's) and Gold Mine Lager, which is sold at Whole Foods, which are all the same price, and all taste pretty much the same.
After his attack on the Canadian educational system, which is doing better than most to cater to individual student needs (I actually wrote a column specifically on this a few years back - does he know that students in Edmonton, for example, can choose from any school in the city?) the reader is left wondering whether he knows what is happening in Canadian schools at all!
Adventure ensues because the brothers can't decide which is better, brains (Loki) or brawn (Thor).
57   1:20 In every matter of wisdom and 58   insight the king asked them about, he found them to be ten times 59   better than any of the magicians and astrologers that were in his entire empire .
4) Instead of Deleting C & D drives, Is it better to delete C & H Drives. ( as I want to allocate some additional space to C drive from any other Drive so which option is better Deleting, C & D drives or C & H drives and Also want to recreate both the drives)
(3)Atlanta Hawks vs (6)Milwaukee Bucks Regular season series: Hawks won 2-1 Playoff Prediction: Hawks 4-1 Notes: Again, the Bucks did better than expected just by making the playoffs.
3. DC Universe Online: I simply refuse to believe that any Justice League movie they'll attempt will be better than the 2010 Comic-Con trailer for DC Universe Online.
According to the results: Softer stools were associataed with plum juice compared to apple juice alone and apple juice with Metamucil; Plum juice was as likely as psyllium to provide immediate relief (within 24 hours of first use) of constipation symptoms and both performed better than the placebo/apple juice alone; The taste of plum juice was equal to apple juice alone and was preferred over apple juice with psyllium.
[0022] Salinity Response: Grown under saline stress at Las Cruces, N. Mex., OKC 1119 has demonstrated a high level of salinity tolerance, better than Midlawn, Premier and Tifway in 2008, better than Midlawn and Premier and equal to Tifway in 2009 (2008 NTEP Table 6C, 2009 NTEP Table 8C).
4 stars "Color: bright; Aromas: woody; Finish: medium; Much better than I remembered....This single vineyard Pinot Noir from California's Central Coast is a delight with its stylish cherry and plum fruit, spicy oak and elegant tannins.
16. Various short stories by Melville and Hawthorne: I read a lot of short pieces from these guys, mostly obscure, often half-baked stories that were still better than 99.9% of the contemporary stuff American writers are doing.
8. Bill Monroe (10) - Still not convinced he was better than Grant or Johnson, but I am confident he should be moved up near the Thompson level.
1. cat_race: - starts insulting people when she don't have arguments - refuses my challenge to find a better song than a Garbage song I already selected with the stupid reason that "i'm genuinely not going to spend my time trying to prove that devo are better than garbage you absolute fucking idiot".
A cinema that once presented us with Rip Torn and Tuesday Weld brings us a Rider Strong as the star, but the idea of "star" is immaterial in this gore-fest, compared to the question of whether it is better to have the obnoxious one, Bert (James DeBello), die later rather than sooner.
A Doppler Wind Experiment (DWE of Titan 's zonal winds will be determined with an accuracy better than 1 m s-1 from the start of mission
"Activity in July was much better than in June," says Nigel Jones of John Francis Estate Agents in Carmarthen.
4. It is better to contact an attorney first before you tackle this challenge on your own because sometimes what you say or don't say can make it a more difficult fight.
1)the coaching staff is legit with Stacey and Justin 2) Facilities are being upgraded ie.Mendenhall Center 3)Recruiting is better one year in we landed some raw talent Morant and the biggest get is Reinhardt out of Mater Dei in SoCal you don't realize how significant that is and the cupboards is not empty Jones and Smith waiting in the wings.
6. Small rest periods granted to the top six teams as a reward for being better than the other teams in their division.
1 you can level without it, but endgame is all about the heroics 2 community is fairly average, better than say wow, but worse than say daoc or coh. 3 while leveling is different, end game is pure wow clone, grinding dungeons to get the next item set.
According to a research report published today by Oppenheimer, L-3 Communications Holdings (NYSE: LLL ) had mixed 4Q11 results, widely missing top-line expectations but recovering the profit through better than expected margins.
[28] As this accusation rests on no proof, those who repeat it are at least bound to show that some course clearly better than the course which William took was open to him; and this they will find a difficult task.
After his appearance on the show the first night, solemnly firing his trusted hypeman for being too blunted when they perform, ultimately not really worth the money, Slim Thug came back with an actual song-that is, it should be noted, better than a lot of music we hear-and video showing he's curbed his spendthrift ways (though they do have a nice closeup on his giant chain, now apparently a relic of woebegone times).
01:23 Nintendo news: Nintendo Direct, Donkey Kong Country delayed, Sonic is in Smash Bros. U, new Kirby game announced 08:52 Microsoft news: Xbox Fitness details, Kinect can tell two speaking voices apart, rumored testing of streaming service 21:18 Sony news: official Destiny box art revealed, Pachter says PS4 will sell better than XBO, The Evil Within gameplay trailer is scary!
Adding a dash of colour to your ensemble is the perfect way to appear fresh, and what better than to do it in the weekend itself.
1. Black Friday Turkey Sandwich Buns : Leftovers are one of the best parts of Thanksgiving, and the only thing better than leftover turkey is homemade sandwich rolls.
3D Rendering Performance - Lightwave 7.5 Radiosity Reflective Things Benchmark - Render Time in Seconds (lower is better)
13. How has bridge traffic been since the new bridge went in? A. Flat B. Better than expected C. Worse than expected D. Nobody keeps track Answer: Traffic has grown year to year, but not to the level expected.
Added June 6 2007 : over at Pharyngula , commenter Jurjen S. , whose command of history is evidently better than mine, tells me about the League of Militant Atheists , an anti-religious group in the Soviet Union from 1925-1947.
16. Jose Mendez (17) Mendez was lights-out during his peak, which is better than that of any eligible pitcher aside from Johnson.
3) If nothing else, lovely Rita demonstrates for one (and quite possibly all) that in our Nation's Capital, one can do so much better than just a cocktail waitress - keeping it "classy."
9er fans can now totally argue that for these three weeks Gronk wasnt night and day better than VD.
11.25am: The Serie A season may or may not kick off this weekend and who better than Paolo Bandini to tell you why you should care ?
A coalition of nontraditional-marriage advocates argue that it is better for children to be raised by loving, committed, "intentional" parents, regardless of sexual complementarity or even number, than to be raised by biological parents in dysfunctional or broken homes.
19. Ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints, and of the household of God; You are not only in the kingdom, but you are in the royal household, which is better still.
2010 Even Better Than The Real Thing: The Art of the Uncanny, Wignall Museum of Contemporary Art Chaffey College, Ranch Cucamonga, California Mapping: Memory and Motion in Contemporary Art, Katonah Museum of Art, Katonah, New York Adaptation: Between Species, The Power Plant, Toronto, Canada By A Thread, San Jose Institute for Contemporary Art, San Jose, California
1) Maybe it's just me, but shouldn't a sequel be better than the original game anyway?
2) Critical Pro-Democrats:  These are people who generally "get it" as far as the corporate ties of the dominant players within the Democratic Party, who are concerned about various aspects of the Dems' policies, strategies or methods of operating, but who believe that a "lesser evil" is better than a "greater evil."
abi @ 412: From what I read about the genre, so much of romance (at least in the U.S.) is such Extruded Romance Product (drop in the required elements for the very specific strain and omit all the messy bits it bars, cut to length, and slap on the strain's required ending) that people may not realize there's anything better than wordwooze (cf Leiber, The Silver Eggheads ) out there.
2:32 And the LORD shall return his blood on his own head, who fell on two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
After 30 years of having our living standards decrease while the wealthiest 1% have had it better than ever, I think it's time for some maybe, I don't know, participation in our democracy that isn't funded by news cameras and gentlemen such as yourself.
6. It's a little known fact that Elvis Presley liked his little red Ford Falcon better than any other car.
1974 Mustang to 1978 Mustang Pictures   (1 viewing) Produced during the big gas crisis of the 1070's, the Mustang II proved to be smaller, more fuel efficient and handled better than previous Mustang generations
7) Though I watch both shows religiously, Top Chef point-5 past light speed better than Hell's Kitchen.
A: Each EOS-1-class digital SLR has its own predictive AF algorithms, but I think it's fair to say that both of the Mark II cameras are at least as good as the EOS-1v, and much better than the original EOS-1Ds in that area.
(1) If a player does better than expected while hitting in a pitcher's park, and worse than expected on the road in hitters' parks, win shares and sabermetrics will slightly underrate the actual value of the player's contribution by using the ordinary park effects formulas, and
1780), one of JA 's law clerks, is sometimes confused with his Boston cousin of the same name who was a great-nephew of Benjamin Franklin and is better known to history; see DAB under Jonathan Williams (1750-1815).
27)Billy Pierce - don't see him as being better than Bridges 28)Addie Joss - ERA/+ and WHIP are great, but why so little black ink? 29)Pete Browning 30)Charley Jones - he got the shaft - I'd be happier if I knew what he did in that one MiL season ( and what competition level) and why he waited so long to play.
After decades, perhaps centuries, in which we, Jews, have been able to count on the Arabs to rescue us from the catastrophic errors of our own leaders by committing even worse errors-as the late Abba Eban put it: The Arabs never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity-we may be up against the first Arab who is a whole lot better than us at using opportunities, and how.
According to Van Gundy, Ryan Anderson is much better than even the power forward thinks he is and the coach is constantly harping on him use his talent to attack.
1994 T Top firebird with V6 213508 miles looking to trade for a truck dont matter the year...not to much rust just dont need the car..let me know please either contact on here or call or txt me 312 465 8343 txting is better
Actually this year, my first licensed year, I've done better than ever before but still may not have enough "profit" to tax...maybe just a little.
1/2 cup margarine 2 onions 3 cloves garlic, minced 2 14.5 ounce cans stewed tomatoes 4 cups water 3 Tablespoons  Better than Bouillon No Chicken Base 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped 2 bay leaves 1 Tablespoon basil (dried or fresh) chopped 1/2 teaspoon thyme 1/2 teaspoon oregano 1 cup clam juice 1 1/2 cup white wine
13 min: ... whipped in deliciously by Van der Vaart, and Adebayor, with the freedom of the six yard box, should probably do better than head straight into the arm of Bardsley.
Admittedly, the books were improving very quickly; the third book, Eclipse, was infinitely better than Twilight.
1. Does food from a farmer's market typically taste much better than the same item from a grocery store, or does it tend to be very hit or miss in your experience?
1) It is better to use a dragon compared to a balloon as dragons do much more damage.
2. Derek Rose- lets just say it everyone he's BETTER than Deron Williams a lot better.
1. John Edwards does better than expected in Iowa, winning the largest percentage of Democratic vote at 40%.
27:10 is a crappy Sunday time for me, but it was lightning fast compared to most people so far - many people as good as or better than I seem to have forgotten how to fill in a rebus puzzle when solving on the applet (first letter of the rebus word goes in the rebus square - I think there are other options, but that's the fastest).
19:55 Looking at the Ubuntu 10.04 desktop 22:45 Computer up-time with Linux-based NAS devices 27:40 NAS: Build or buy? 32:50 Two versions of Java are NOT better than one 36:59 Hour two 38:18 John: Wants to installing 10.04 on machine with Ubuntu already installed using Wubi 46:02 Jeff: Looking forward to multi-touch on Linux 50:38 Dharmin: Looking for Linux alternative to iTunes 56:02 David: Uses Thunderbird.
[18] But as in this case there is no need of their express positive consent to justify a new government, so a tacit or implied consent is sufficient; which consent, as one saith well, is the very dictate of nature or common reason because it is better to have some justice than none at all; and there is a necessity of some coercive power or government lest all be left to disorder, violence, and confusion, which none, even of the conquered party, can be so unnatural as to desire.
$20 - Version in key of your choice with binaural beats in Alpha - MP3 or WAV Include note as the what key, and MP3 or WAV (MP3 is smaller file, WAV is better quality but takes way more download time, and more space on your hardrive)
(5) LOOKING HANOVER & (3) AFFIRMED ACTION are better than their last starts.
Absolutely NOT ... but that said, Paul Heyman is without a doubt pretty much up there, as close to and is no doubt one of the BEST things to happen in the wrestling business, but to say he's better than Bobby Heenan, is a little far fetched, clearly people don't remember Heenan's quality's as much when they say this, YES, Paul Heyman is shit hot!!!! (Personally I would LOVE to see Paul Heyman get involved in creative!)
Additionally, the guests in the Harvard Business Review podcast from April even say that group brainstorming may not be as good or any better than individual concentration.
1996-Tom Lehman shoots a final-round 73 for a 72-hole total of 13-under 271 to win the British Open, two strokes better than Ernie Els and Mark McCumber.
a bit: the lighting is better now, the planets have appropriate things surrounding them, and Starfleet HQ is now on the map, as well as several other treasures you'll have to find :) Planets on this map: Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Neptune Uranus Pluto (is it still a planet?)
10p White Balance: gets a pretty even gamma 2.35 from 10%-90% combined with Gamma: -1 which is good for evening or night viewing (some say you can even go to -2 for viewing in a total black room but you might prefer -1 anyway; gamma 0 is better for broad daylight, well lit room) 1: R5,G7,B3 2: R0,G2,B3 3: R-4,G-3,B-4 4: R-3,G-2,B-5 5: R-2,G-1,B-4 6: R-1,G0,B-4 7: R1,G4,B0 8: R0,G3,B0 9: R1,G1,B1 10: R1,G1,B0
1 Samuel 27:1 And David saith unto his heart, 'Now am I consumed one day by the hand of Saul; there is nothing for me better than that I diligently escape unto the land of the Philistines, and Saul hath been despairing of me -- of seeking me any more in all the border of Israel, and I have escaped out of his hand.' (YLT)
[0040] Thus, when the diamond layer of the invention is in the form of a gem stone, 'High colour' is generally defined as being colour better than K on the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) gem diamond colour scale (described above) as determined for a 0.5 ct round brilliant.
506 Milburn Ave Millburn, NJ zip code: Coleman's Tuxedos 506 Millburn Ave, # B Short Hills, NJ zip code: Select from the listings above STAY AWAY FROM COLEMAN TUXEDOS Rating: 1.0 out of 5" by joemano at Citysearch 5/1/2012 STAY AWAY FROM COLEMAN TUXEDOS - you'd be better off renting a tuxedo from Life is full of varying shades of grade, but very few any better than the pearl grey 'Parisian' tuxedo coat by Jean Yves.
Acutally, maybe its still too soon to tell,...but i feel better than ever.
11, no. 1, 35-47 Paul F. Nunes, Stephen F. Dull and Patrick D. Lynch 'When two Brands are better than one', Outlook 2003 12. Park, C. W., Jun, S. Y. and Shocker, A. D. (1996) 'Composite branding alliances: An investigation of extension and feedback effects', Journal of Marketing Research, Vol.33, November, pp.
3G speeds are as good if not better than my Droid X, double what my S3 was seeing in my house, and calls are crystal clear again.
5) considerations include starting the vaccination series later, such as at nine or ten weeks of age when the immune system is better able to handle antigenic challenge; 6) alerting the caregiver to pay particular attention to the puppy's behavior and overall health after the second or subsequent boosters; and 7) avoiding revaccination of individuals already experiencing a significant adverse event.
4. Muschamp had some interesting thoughts when asked this week if his defense is better this year than last year.
01:12 i liked 2012 marvel party better than this years 01:12 no i am not leaving i was saying by to dogkid1 01:12 oh ok 01:12 you havent even been on it 01:12 And why do you say that dj storm?
After all, Freitas said, "it does not get much better," than the players here receiving pitching advice from a pro coach who has pitched in the major leagues.
135 Thirdly, with reference to alloys, they say that there is better evidence of the independent and accurate reproduction of a standard by a gold-silver alloy of certain proportions than by a pure solid metal or by mercury.
1. 2. THANK YOU. 3. Other than you, no one's said anything so your opinion totally matters 5. patents I think... 6. because all I know is max and java... max - dare i say- is better for what I wanted to do interface-wise.
15   Because MLB doesn't know precisely how many fans will subscribe to ExtraInnings TM , or how effectively DirecTV will market the product, it has an even greater incentive to sell for fixed fees, as the rights-purchaser is better able to accept the risk of marketing the product effectively during the course of the contract.
-03- Conservative philosophers argue that the very fabric of society is threatened by disobedience, and even when the act prescribed by an authority is an evil one, it is better to carry out the act than to wrench at the structure of authority.
#1984947 - 11/10/12 07:55 AM Re: Pearl River/Perzina/Kawai which is better?
A 6-0 pasting at the hands of the L.A. Kings, who are better than the aforementioned Eastern Conference teams, was followed by a loss in Philadelphia.
1.) The Ovation 1777 LX Legend Acoustic-Electric Guitar ( MSRP - List Price $2395.00 ) has a fast action neck almost like an electric guitar neck, great sound and perfectly balanced tone.This guitar is my Top Pick as the best guitar in the world to own because of playability and price,it just doesn't get any better than this folks.
Additionally, these lens are more of a concept than a finished product - you may be able to do much better than I did if you, for example, use washers with a larger internal diameter (or drill it to a larger diameter) to allow more light through and therefore stronger beam at cutting point.
11. Ask Dad to teach you -- No matter how old the old man's gotten, he's still better than you at something, whether it's throwing a ball, fishing or golfing.
5 Pros The new Toyota Corolla almost looks interesting Good interior space, particularly in the rear Legendary Toyota reliability and fixed price servicing Handling is no longer limp 5 out of 5 star safety 5 Cons Far from class leading fuel efficiency Better than the old Corolla, but sill not exciting to drive Some of the instruments look a little cheap and the boot is small Only a 3 year warranty - the Hyundai i30 offers 5 years The older Ford Focus beat it to [...]
57.6, worse than Tarvaris Jackson, Rex Grossman and Kyle Orton, and only slightly better than the gold standard of shitty, inaccurate quarterbacks, Mark Sanchez.
Actually, one of the secret advantages of being at ass-level is that jeans soak up spilled drinks better than shirts or jackets, so it's something of a trade-off.
1 lb lean ground beef(turkey is leaner) fat free ricotta 12oz low fat mozzarella cheese 12 oz lasagna noodles (wheat is better) garlic minced basil pasta sauce(check the bottles, find the one that works best for you)
Aboard the beautiful 78ft cruiser "Strictly Business", you get up close and personal by swimming with Southern Bluefin Tuna, Australian Sea Lions, multiple cage dives with Great White sharks plus view pods of dolphins and when in season, Pilote, Blue and the the massive Southern Right whales.The scenery does'nt get much better than the ocean view of the Port Lincoln National Park and the Memory Cove Wilderness Sanctuary, as you steam close enough to see White Bellied Sea Eagles nest and other seabirds.
2 Either in small groups or in pairs, students discuss why their life is better than the life of the other two dogs.
After a short-lived period under the name Before Dawn, Lomera is one of the most original and auspicious metal act to come out of Sydney's sludge metal scene, a five piece powerhouse, no other genre title defines Lomera better than "in-your-face sludge".
A flat and tightly installed double layer of 15# is probably better than a single layer of 30#, but at what point do you create the gold plated pig, which will not be cost effective and be able to sell?
Aaron Smith is better than Williams.
$10 is rock-bottom for user testing compensation, but then again, it's better than a lot of "jobs" you can do from home over the Internet.
(+2) 2nd/31st John Fox is doing the best coaching job in the NFL - even better than he did during the Super Bowl run last season.
5.) Jodie Meeks over Nick Young... might be the dumbest comment I have ever read... Nick young's worst season is better then Jodie's best and both Wright/Young will be off the books and free up cap space soon
18 A slip on the pavement is better than a slip of the tongue;    the downfall of the wicked will occur just as speedily.
#1 its nowhere close to being better than bf1942, but since thats a matter of opinion, you're free to believe that.
Activision CEO Bobby Kotick commented, "Our better-than-expected performance was driven by record digital sales in Blizzard Entertainment's franchises, including World of Warcraft, Diablo, and Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, a new free-to-play game which had already registered more than 10 million users as of its March 11, 2014 launch on Windows and Mac, in addition to Activision Publishing's Skylanders and Call of Duty franchises."
3. South Korea The Far East didn't escape the financial crisis, but South Korea weathered the storm better than most.
50 years ago people said: Malaysia is very good, better than Hong Kong and even Japan .
1975 LH Torana ## may consider swap plus cash my way after a duel cab #### 2.8lt 173 board out 60tho (holden commie blue painted red lol) Extensive head work, Extractors collector and 3" tuned pipe Modified Commie Varajet 2 Carb runs perfectly and flows far better than holley carbs HEI 5 speed Toyota Celica box Heavy Duty Hydraulic Clutch brand new just done with new plate, fork, flywheel and throw bearing...(receipts) Air con needs a look at but all there (leak?
100 times better than the Brain Kenny interview.
2. Vitamin C - Graduation Song 3. Aerosmith - Crying 4. One Tin Soldier - The Legend of Billy Jack 5. Blues Traveler - Hook 6. Green Day - Basket Case 7. Matchbox 20 - Push 8. Better than Ezra - Good 9. Machine Head - Bush 10.
After an absence of nearly three years from the music scene, Jennifer Peña is back and better than ever, with only one intention: to share her most recent album with her fans and the entire world, "Dicen Que El Tiempo...," her third one under the Univision Records label.
117.Marks hair Says: September 19th, 2012 at 9:57 am Ckark and palmalo(head & shoulders) are waaaaaay better than branch.
aaadil4rovers... di santo was not useless... hes a lot better than roberts... cant really judge ourselfs on this game... as we have 4 wing backs playing across the back 4... and we were playing against a team who could have beaten anyone playing like that... lets just hope we can beat the dingles next game now...
28 And Samuel said unto him, The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou.
7. Gonzaga Bulldogs Location: Spokane, WA Record: 25-7 At-Large Bid: West Coast Conference Key Players: Matt Bouldin (12.7 ppg), Jeremy Pargo (11.9 ppg, 6.0 apg), Austin Daye (10.6 ppg), Josh Heytvelt (10.2 ppg) Strengths: Gonzaga does a lot of things well, but one thing it does better than most is score the basketball.
1)Keeping driver cool on the grid 2)Keeping driver hydrated during the day 3)Making driver look better than he really is 4)Making all other competitors jealous
Accordingly, in our view it represents or symbolizes the enormous Apollo achievement perhaps better than any other object in the national collection.
1. Android 2.0-2.1 2. 7 inch 3. Black 4. 2GB (able to add memory using SD) 5. 802.11 b/g/n wifi 6. 800 mhz (old model) 1 ghz (current) 7. The ability to install the roms for the white Pandigital 8. 256MB Ram (Better than 128MB)
A computer system for double checking Pap Smears may not be any better than humans at finding possible early signs of cervical cancer.
18-2 Goodrich is better this year, with the addition of 6-5 senior Mitchel Vallie plus the maturing of nice overall team size.
Adopting the slogan 'Prevention is better than cure', this Ministry of Health poster attempts to persuade people to adopt a healthier lifestyle.
10 One is reminded of the drunk who upon loosing his keys by the stairwell proceeds to look for them under a street lamp ''because the light is better over here.''
[0070] 6. Would you rate Z-Pred better than the similar existing anti-infective & steroid fixed dose combinations?
2) what steps do I need to take to clean my pump after each use...When I boil my parts they get a white film on them...which leads to question 3 3) Is this film from boiling safe? or should I use the dishwasher??? 4) Is there a Medela glass bottle, or are the soft plastic ones safe..I am hearing that hard plastic or glass is better, but cannot find any to fit my pump....
09 SS Matt Giorlando - Gregg Williams is the gift that keeps giving; we had him and we did not see to develop him - nor any defensive backs for the Saints under Williams and now Spagnulo which begs the question - Why do we draft cornerbacks in the first round if we are only going to berrate them and sit them for the first season or two?!? Giorlando would be an affordable Strong Safety who can tackle and cover better than what we've paid Harper to do...
4. Boogie Wipes: Much better than Kleenex for wiping Svanja's nose, these keep her nose moisturized, plus they grab those long, ucky, stringy green boogers really well.
1. Type up your formal writing assignment (intercultural anecdote, anecdote about a mistake or misunderstanding, explanation of why diversity is better than cultural unity).
12. If you argue that it is better to have the plan carried out in some place like Kashi, my point is, as I have told you, it would be the greatest pity if the memorial shrine could not be raised in the land of his birth and Sadhana!
1. Sam's Joint Restaurants   Based on 16 Ratings Even better than the food was the star treatment we received once the staff caught word of our engagement.
After all this wait, the food - with the exception of a mind-alteringly delicious risotto and a solid salumi platter - turned out to be no better than fair to middlin'.
1) I agree that pastry cutter blades are much better than wire.
1-Nothing is better than Uncharted tech 2-Halo 4 and new Xbox marketing at the same time?
"A bad day of fishing is better than a good day of work." S. Frank Smith
12 inches of gold stren wrapped around a pencil, boiled for 5 minutes and shoved into a freezer..spray it with a little floatant, you've got somethingr better than a thingambobber..you've got a floating in line indicator.
[ 3 ] While Third National was the senior partner, the merger took place when prohibitionist ideas were gaining popularity, and it is legend that "Fifth Third" was better than "Third Fifth," which could have been construed as a reference to three " fifths " of alcohol.
+1 about the harness, Your point about standards is exactly what I was trying to say, but more articulate :-) Changing a stock harness to make it neater and better than factory, takes time and money.
19 I have laid help upon (one that is) mighty 112. 2 His seed shall be mighty upon earth : the 120. 4 Sharp arrows of the mighty, with coals of Prov.i6 32 slow to anger (is) better than the mighty 21. 22 A wise (man) scaleth the city of the mighty Isa. 5. 22 Woe unto (them that are) mighty to drink 9. 6 Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God 10.
"After coming from a fairly friendly and warm environment, law school almost trains you to be happy when others fail, as it is better for you due to the ranking system," she say, reflecting on her transition into law school.
According to President Obama, "professional politicians" understand the debt crisis better than average Americans do.
#5 stopper or brass/steel will work better than the #4.
According to an old legend I'll either be back at Matrimony falls next year or I'll be married we'll have to wait and see :) Oh and Craig and Wes if you do read this I had Marshmallow Matey's for breakfast this morning and you were right they are far better than Lucky Charms thank you....!!!!!!
After having just finished the course I can honestly say that Charlotte has made me not only understand my camera better than any book, DVD or video from youtube, she has tought me how to express my creativity through my 50D.
Actually I was able to sleep better than I thought I would the night before especially with all that tape all over my legs and knees.
5. When the sun shines, protect your skin with a dark shirt Dark-coloured clothing absorbs UV light, protecting your skin better than light-coloured clothing, which lets light through.
According to the Department of Justice, America's juvenile justice system is better-prepared to deal with youth offenders than the adult prison system, which offers few opportunities for counseling and rehabilitation.
Actually, the food on Carnival and Norwegian Cruise Line are far better than Royal.
(2) Black 1 in Dia 33 is better, however in attacking the lower white group, Black permits a small but live group in the corner.
4. Gabriel Knight series - always learned a heap playing these on subjects like voodoo, New Orleans, the mad prince or king or whatever of Bavaria, and the third was my introduction to the stuff covered in Holy Blood, Holy Grail and Da Vinci Code, but was done so much better than Da Vinci Code.
2 years ago I went to harry potter world in Orlando and some of the things you had at this party were better than some of the awesome souvenirs they have there Ever since I first read one of the harry potter books I always wanted to play quidditch Such a fun birthday party!!
1. 45 yrs 2. BAE/ Modders/ Ade ( dependent on where you meant on the park) 3. Rodellega 4. they need to keep out of the Cassino 5. 9/1 Spurs 6. 3rd (above the gooners) 7. Hopefully a bit better than last year (to save on the heart medication for the faithful)
1.Explorers of Sky/Darkness/Time - Because I cried at the ending and I like the story 2.Red/Blue rescue team -I hate the story but its better than Gates to infinity 3.Gates to infinity -The storyline sucks and this games is pretty tiring especially when fighting the boss
[0024] In the embodiment, the reflectors are rotated around the light sources, so that the lights sent out from the light sources are projected to the space after being reflected by the reflectors, and the faculae are divided into two from one and jointed into one from two, therefore, the stage rendering effect is better.
4. Coconut Curry Hefeweizen (New Belgium Brewing Company in Fort Collins, CO) - Nothing washes down a spicy Indian meal better than an ice-cold beer.
4. Belafonte Says Bush "No Better" than Osama, Stands by Nazi Slam In a tough interview conducted by CNN's Wolf Blitzer live on the 7pm EST hour of Monday's The Situation Room, and re-played during Tuesday's 5pm hour, radical-left singer Harry Belafonte stood by his recent declarations that President Bush is both "the greatest tyrant in the world" and the "the greatest terrorist in the world," as well as how the Department of Homeland Security is the "new Gestapo."
A 4 mana 3/3 flying, haste, comes back to your hand is better, but still not likely to replace Stormbreath Dragon in big decks and Chandra's Phoenix in small ones.
Above all, they are necessary, if we are impressed with a due conviction of that important fact, without which moral and political science would be little better than a dreary void-the progressiveness of human nature; and the vast influence of good or bad government, as an accelerating or retarding cause of it.
[1] C. L. Moore's Northwest Smith stories also benefit, by the way, rather as Poe's works do: French seems to convey decayed ambience better than English does, outside the works of Jack Vance - for him one imagines the Paris editions likely crumble to dust of their own volition.
Additional conclusions for this study are: 1) the 100-cow farms exhibit insufficient financial performance to provide for family living, debt service (at 40 percent debt to equity ratio), and a cushion for events such as droughts or declines in milk prices; and 2) financial performance of the 200-cow dairies is better, yet the added income from a member of the farm having off-farm income will provide a cushion against unforeseen production and financial risks.
01.09.2011 [Holy Moly!] - While these pictures for the Ides Of March premiere may seem fairly unremarkable, they do have George Clooney in them, a man who's decided not to run for President because he reckons his current job is better.
8 Party Venues Better Than The Sistine Chapel Imagine having the Colosseum all to yourself or spending the night in the royal suite of an ancient castle.
55 percent of you think God of War III is better than Red Dead Redemption
1:1 CORDAGE' -,WJ-,J'-'; ' Our stock and assortment will tt all timet' be larger and better than any other store 1 the city, and we abaU endeavor to sustain the reputation of Belong lower than any other hour la that Una of trade here keeping a complete assortment of Manilla Hemp, Cuttou, Jute and Tarred Rigging, with every description of Twluea, Trot-l.lues,
"25 or 6 to 4" by Chicago ("We'll figure it out as the weeks go by," Casey says of the title, which perplexes him) points the way toward the sound of the 70s better than most other records in the countdown.
A few final small tips are that paint will adhere to a warm casting better than a cold one, but a casting too warm will blow bubbles in the paint if the casting you have has any porosity and most have a little.
[1]Luxury hotels with spas are sprawled across the U.S. Some are better than others - with the best being the ones that marry health and pleasure.
5thly, The great esteem the church had of Christ's love, which she shows by calling it "loves," in the plural number, as well as by saying that it was "better than wine:" the excellency of which will farther appear, if we consider the nature and properties of it, which are as follow:
Abbott said the times are better than four years ago, when seniors could spend more than a year on a waiting list.
"50 Greatest TV Shows of ALL TIME"?!?! Lost is number 5!?!? Better than The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Dick Van Dyke, The Twilight Zone, Frasier, etc etc?
1) I never said a Hi-Point was better than a shotgun for HD. 2) I never said a Hi-Point was better than one of the more expensive guns EXCEPT that it is better to have a $130 Hi-Point with oneself rather than a $2000 pistol in ones dreams or dealer display case.
Africa is better in terms of productivity, costs, taxes, duty-free access to European markets because of their least developed country status, and lower transportation costs owing to the geographical proximity to our main markets in Europe.
13 hours battery life!!! That's significantly better than any Chromebook so far, including the Baytrail variants which get just 8 hours using a similar 11 inch screen.
1. Joe DiMaggio - this just in, he's good 2. Billy Herman - big drop, but Herman's deservin' 3. Bobby Doerr - better than Boudreau & Gordon 4. Jake Beckley - still chugging up the mountain 5. John Beckwith - moving on up? 6. George Van Haltren - I'll be voting for him for a long time 7. Red Ruffing - recent posts cause me to drop him a bit 8. Lou Boudreau - good kid enters in the middle 9. Earl Averill - with PCL credit 10.
According to Chrysler, the EPA has certified its 2014 Ram 1500 with 3.0-liter EcoDiesel V6 at that lofty number - a figure, not incidentally, that's better than anything available from the industry's midsize trucks.
4 years of possible inaction is better than 4 more years of guaranteed wanton economic destruction as everybody noses up to the Greens posterior and consumes what they produce..
49% want the state to treat Jews better than Arabs
AFC East bouts don't get much better than when the New England Patriots and New York Jets square off in the second half of the season.
7. Also, what the heck, if the Congress wants to pass a bill making torture illegal in the future, even though it's illegal already, boy, the CIA and Justice Department will be sure to follow that law better than the other laws that already exist, 8. Except when [redacted] circumstances [redacted] polecats [redacted] fingernails [redacted] [redacted].
[156 U.S. 432, 456] Lord Hale (1678) says: 'In some cases presumptive evidence goes far to prove a person guilty, though there be no express proof of the fact to be committed by him; but then it must be very warily pressed, for it is better five guilty persons should escape unpunished than one innocent person should die.' 2 Hale , P. C. 290.
A delirious blast of R-rated mayhem, Machete combines tongue-in-cheek social commentary, sharp filmmaking technique, and a love of cult films and Z-grade schlock of the '70s, resulting in a theatrical experience that plays even better than Rodriguez's half of Grindhouse .
1. Animal bikes 2. 5B88 3. i think i should win because the frame i have is to small for me, i love gatorade, and i could definately use some new parts, and what better than parts from an awesome company like Animal bikes!
4) PS3 Online strategy : Follow the leader, and claim yours is better.
2nd - Art Official: I still think this colt is better than Badlands Nitro; and with a post advantage, perhaps he can fill out the ex.
[0064] It is noted that the cross-talk of the ring-loaded MZI 600 is better than that of the exemplary series-coupled resonators splitter 210 of FIG. 3 and that the power response is symmetric with respect to the first and the second portions of channels.
3. Catalytic heaters that get their air from inside the van, and have an afterburner technology that is supposed to permit more complete combustion so the combustion byproduct is limited to water vapor, in theory.. imo better than a ceramic/flame heater because more complete combustion, but still a risk of fire if bedding falls on it, and still a risk of using up the oxygen in a closed van while sleeping.
aCtually better than a stone bridge, for these are common enough; it is a true arch, almost symmetrical, and though large enough to span the Capitol at Washington it seems to have a noble grace and delicacy.
"2012 was a phenomenal season, better than I could have ever dreamed," said Keselowski. "We started off with a fireball at Daytona, but ended with a championship."
Across a decade he served dual purpose in double ends... Racing thrill and fun entertainment for his fans,, Race results and brand promotion for his team,, No one except Rossi HAS DONE IT,, IS DOING IT,, WILL DO IT,, for the sport exactly the same or better than him or atleast closer to him... Considering that this sport is not just about racing Rossi is undoubtedly the GOAT...
[0035] The composition of packer fluid for deep and ultra-deep wells in environments containing CO.sub.2, which is the subject of this invention, is better understood from the detailed description which is set out below merely as an example, associated with the design referred to below which comprises an integral part of this report.
1996 CD Single: Texas Tornados I. Little Bit Is Better Than Nada / Amor De Mi Vida / Haley's Comet A.° GE: WEA 9362-437778-2 1996 Single: Texas Tornados I. Little Bit Is Better Than Nada / Amor De Mi Vida A.° US: Reprise 7-17587 1996 CD Single: Texas Tornados I. Little Bit Is Better Than Nada / Amor De Mi Vida A.° US: Reprise 5439-17587-2 1996 CD Single: Texas Tornados I. Little Bit Is Better Than Nada A.° US: Reprise PRO-CD-8213 (promo) 1997 CD Single: Texas Tornados I.
Add On: The L.A. Times brings us the happy news that Avatar , when all the quarters and dollar bills were counted, did better than forecast on its first weekend:
10/31/06 " Rolling Stone " -- -- There is very little that sums up the record of the U.S. Congress in the Bush years better than a half-mad boy-addict put in charge of a federal commission on child exploitation.
01 Remember me i'm gone 02 'live in toronto' maple leaf garden 03 Overkill 04 Heart of stone 05 Shoot you in the back 06 The hammer 07 Jailbait 08 America 09 (don't need) religion 10 Capricorn 11 (don't let 'em) grind ya down 12 We are the roadcrew 13 No class 14 Bite the bullet 15 The chase is better than the catch 16 Bomber
Admittedly, this still leaves a lot of grey area, but it is better than having him galumphing around the world as "the Ugly American.".
Adam Dunn, who is seeing the ball infinitely better than he did all of last season, was issued a walk from Kevin Millwood (0-1) and went to third on Paul Konerko's single.
A final thought in this age of environmental awareness: just to "get rid" of empty bottles is better than nothing, but ideally, the glass or plastic or metal should be re-cycled, and poisonous substances like battery acid and mercury should be made harmless, so that these substances don't leach into the water supply.
29. Whitechapel Better than expected for a ITV original drama, thanks to inventive direction from SJ Clarkson (who has since gone to the US, working on Heroes and Dexter) and a tryptych of enjoyable performances from Rupert Penry-Jones (as a neat-freak upperclass detective), Phil Davies (as a working class old-timer) and Steve Pemberton (as a rotund Ripperologist).
171 The Habitans make use of an old-fashioned sort of cariole, called a berlin ; it is better adapted for long journeys, as the sides are higher, and keep the traveller warmer than the other descrip tion of carioles.
10:06pm HOh Aaryn, Spencer, Amanda, McCrae and Andy THey are all Agreeing Elissa and Helen walks around like the are better than everyone else.
According to our customers' feedback, our products are better than all of our competitors' due to better resolution, learning screen is twice as big, much easier to use, and best of all - NO ADVERTISEMENT ADDED ON!  From the beginning to the end, it's all packed with training.
2, the shadow color is brighter than pictures show, looks much better than my imagine.
According to the World Health Organization, (this according to Dr. Sinatra's book on CoQ10), low serum vitamin E is the best predictor of a heart attack, something like 70% better than either high cholesterol or high blood pressure.
50o0 yards last year!!!! now that we have bush back and shokee is just amazing what can you do???? you cant stop it!!!! colston, moore, henderson, meachem all these guys are better than that punk steve smith who punches his team mates or that muslim terrist moosin muhommod.
18:3 But the people said, It is better for you not to go out: for if we are put to flight, they will not give a thought to us, and if death overtakes half of us, it will be nothing to them: but you are of more value than ten thousand of us: so it is better for you to be ready to come to our help from this town.
A closet isn't the safest place to be if the tornado ramped up to a F5, but it was better than sitting in a car.
about those born at "the dangerous intersection of poverty and race"); Tony Campolo reminding me again that our call is to a radical faith, and radical expression of it; Al Gore speaking on care for the earth - from a thoroughly Christian perspective (y'all it was SO freakin' good - even better than his film); and so many other compelling speakers and preachers (William Shaw, Charles Adams, Julie Pennington-Russell, Bill Clinton!).
13- There is a natural version of almost everything and it is nearly always better than the collection of toxins we can buy in a tube.
1. RudeBoy - Where Is The Love? (Black Eyed Peas) 2. A Public Affair - Don't Stop The Music (Rihanna) 3. David - Two Is Better Than One (Boys Like Girls) 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19.
"According to revelations by members of the House of Commons, about 130,000 former German officers and men were held during the winter of 1945-46 in British camps in Belgium under conditions which British officers have described as 'not much better than Belsen."
Actually my most enduring lyric is "Better Than Anything" which was recorded by lots of people, the most successful were Al Jarreau and Tuck & Patti (although Irene Kral and Sheila Jordan made the best versions for my taste - almost as good as Bob Dorough's).
Acknowledgments This paper is better for the thoughful comments on earlier drafts by Stuart Card, Hal Finney, Daniel Green, Josh Storrs Hall, Nancy Lebovitz, Hans Moravec, Max More, Jay Prime Positive, Mike Price, Marc Ringuette, Nick Szabo, and Vernor Vinge, and because of prior discussions of related issues with David Friedman, Keith Henson, Richard Kennaway, David Krieger, Tim May, Ralph Merkle, Perry Metzger, Mark Miller, Ravi Pandya, and Steve Witham.
After days of looking up which GBR tour to take, we realized they are all pretty much the same, but we've heard, and Sen confirmed, that going out to the reefs from Port Douglas is better than from Cairns.
(1940-2004) The mom who taught me that honesty is better than being nice...that integrity is better than fitting in...that laughter can heal all sorts of ailments and that love is stronger than death.
After a gorgeous campaign last season, the star is back and looking better than ever!
Acquiring Johnson would give the Penguins more of what they already have (offensive firepower on the blue line), which won't make them better than the Boston Bruins or the Chicago Blackhawks , who are arguably the two favorites to win the Stanley Cup this season.
Across the Atlantic, the source today of so many long novels, Truman Capote ( Breakfast at Tiffany's ) and Philip Roth ( Goodbye, Columbus ) never wrote better than when they wrote short.
2 road wins against good teams, with a relatively easy schedule left.. i mean, they get to play arizona and san fran 4 times, what could be better than that.
A couple fingers worth of foam which lingers throughout the beer S: Malts, sugar, fruits T: Taste for me was better than the smell.
A "better than divas" chant starts and Gail gets back to her feet at nine! Velvet tosses Gail back in the ring as Angelina climbs to the top rope.
!00 times better than my tv ears!! Best design, hear the tv thoughout the house These wireless headphones are head & shoulders over TVEars I love my wirelesss headphones.
2.5 lb beef chuck cut into 2 inch cubes 3 tbs olive oil salt pepper 3/4 cup grated carrot 1 cup diced onion 1 cup finely diced celery 3 cloves garlic 1.5 cups good red wine 2 Tbs flour, seasoned with salt, pepper and old bay seasoning 2 tbs Better than Boullion beef stock + 2 cups water
After finally winning that first NBA title last June, James was better than ever in his first year as a champion.
424: Narrated Sahl: I heard the Prophet saying, "A (small) place equal to an area occupied by a whip in Paradise is better than the (whole) world and whatever is in it; and an undertaking (journey) in the forenoon or in the afternoon for Allah's Cause, is better than the whole world and whatever is in it."
[ 12 ] William Arnold of Seattle Post-Intelligencer also gave the film a positive review, calling the film "better-than-average", he also stated: "It's occasionally quite witty, it's able to tell us a great deal about its characters and their back stories in an economic fashion and its plot swings are surprising and compelling."
1)it is better use "full path command" 2)define "environment variables" 3)check log file for crond messages 4)check email address of your self(Login Userid) check any message from crond.... 5)check permission of you script(has file execute permission?)
After cocktails (a vodka Martini and a Sidecar ), we dove right into the appetizers, which we split: "Char-su" , which was the best Chinese-style roast pork I had ever had (even better than Saladang Song's pork the night before, which was hard to beat), marinated in sesame oil and garlic , served with white asparagus tips , julienned Japanese scallions and drizzled all over with a blueberry vinaigrette .
A few notes, however, may be usefully extracted from the later minutes, which, though relating to a period of time somewhat in advance of the particular epoch we are considering, will fit in here better than at any later stage, and it must not escape our recollection, that the Alnwick Lodge never surrendered its independence, and moreover, from first to last, was an operative rather than a speculative fraternity.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the average fuel economy for the current fleet of autos available to American consumers is no better than Ford's (F) original Model T-around 25 mpg.
Adam James has got a big wooden spoon out, stuck it into a bubbling pot of claret and blue ire, and stirred: "What a lot of Villa fans such as George Templeton don't understand is that most Liverpool fans a) have the utmost respect for Villa and always have done even though truthfully they aren't in the Champions League and b) didn't really want Liverpool to sign Barry because Alonso is better.
2. Judging by the costumed crowd outside of the Arclight last night ( The Night of the Hunter , which is better every time I see it) and the empty 2nd floor at work today (Development: We Work When We Want To), a new Star Wars movie has been unleashed on the world.
Additionally, I thought the food was much better than that on Royal.
61% of voters ranked the 1988 Survivor Series Match as better than the 1987 Survivor Series.
1. Fats Domino - Walkin' To New Orleans 2. Kiss - Detroit Rock city 3. Tupac - To Live & Die In L.A 4. Beastie Boys - No Sleep Til Brooklyn 5. Sinatra - New York, New York 6. Better Than Ezra - King of New Orleans (can we double up cities?) 7. Eric Johnson- Cliffs of Dover
1. EARL THOMAS, F.S. 2. J.BEST,RB faster and better than Spiller 3. MIKE WILLIAMS, WR syracuse 4. J.JERRY, OL 4. trade Sweeney ..... J.GRAHAM,TE from the U 6 (3 picks) LB, LB, LB (maybe Muckleroy, Schoenfield,Micah Johnson) 7 (3 picks) Kafka,QB nw, and BPA, BPA
A better-than-most CBS procedural inspired by Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson characters, CBS' "Elementary" stars Jonny Lee Miller ("Trainspotting," "Eli Stone") as Holmes and Lucy Liu ("Kill Bill," "Southland") as sidekick Dr. Joan Watson.
Afghanistan is a well deserving side, they have everything that a great team requires, they have good fast and spin bowling, their fielding is excellent most of the times, their batting is improving and specially they have many players who can hit big shot, they have that ability which make them better than Bangladesh.
01 - Never Satisfied 02 - Deceiver 03 - Tyrant 04 - Victim Of Changes (Live) 05 - Diamonds And Rust (Live) 06 - Starbreaker (Live) 07 - Sinner 08 - Let Us Prey 09 - Dissident Aggressor 10 - Exciter 11 - Beyond The Realms Of Death 12 - Better By You Better Than Me 13 - Invader 14 - Stained Glass 15 - The Green Manalishi (With The Two Pronged Crown) (Live)
A better-than-usual overview of the design and execution of the special effects, "The Magic of Spiderwick!" (14:23) makes the work genuinely interesting, with comments from Waters, Tippett, Helman, Tippett Studio lead animator Michael Brunet, Tippett Studio visual effects supervisor Joel Friesch, Tippett Studio CG supervisor Russell Darling, ILM visual effects supervisor Tim Alexander, ILM visual effects art director Christian Alzmann, ILM animation supervisor Tim Harrington, and ILM digital artist lead Jean Bolte.
1976-up carbs are often preferred due to less wear than the older carbs, often an integrated choke assembly (hot air or electric) will be present, and the float and needle and seat assembly setup is better.
A computer program was written to determine objectively and consistently whether the total flux density of each source is better represented by the baseline zero-crossing method f ( z ), the value integrated within the nominal IRAS detector size f ( t ), the point source template fit amplitude ("template"), or the peak flux in the profile ("peak").
14:03 - Jesus the gophers are terrible, but luckily they're still light years better than this Chippewa team.
1.5 oz gold rum (something other than Jamaican) .5 oz white rum .5 oz falernum .5 oz Cherry Heering .5 oz red wine (drier is better than sweeter) .5 oz sweet vermouth .5 oz lemon juice 1 oz orange juice 1 oz pineapple juice 2 dashes Angostura bitters 3-4 grapefruit twists
3-0 Villa win simples, is this Bggie fan havin a laff lol they will not beat us 3-0, i have family and freinds who are baggies and they really think there club is better than Villa now pff lol makes me laff Bent cost more than there team put together, wait til after the match when we do em easily!
3. C Nick Ciuffo (Lexington HS, South Carolina): quick bat; above-average power upside; good defensive tools and has improved over time; not a natural catcher, but now he looks the part; high present value; above-average arm, but throws can sail; moves laterally better than expected; keen batting eye; PG Brian McCann comp; defense has improved a ton; strong hands; good receiver; popular AJ Pierzinski comp as well; reminds me some of Varitek; 6-2, 200 pounds
A culinary specialist who is also a research chef will be able to satisfy his or her creative talents while studying with the intricacies of food; its effects on people, why certain things go together better than others, how to create a certain taste or texture, and much more.
[ 1 ] Carnaroli rice keeps its shape better than other forms of rice during the slow cooking required for making risotto due to higher quantities of amylose present within.
2. Dont know how people can say the Bold screen is better, because it is still tiny.
1 pork loin or boneless pork roast (about four pounds, whatever you find) 1 can Dr. Pepper (NOT diet- and I prefer Coke normally but Dr. Pepper is better in this I think) 1 cup brown sugar 2 T. dry mustard powder 1 T. dry cumin powder 2 cloves minced garlic (or granulated garlic if you're in a hurry) 1 can Chipotle chiles in Adobo Sauce
2. The creators of the game have clearly decided that blacks are bad and have built the structure of the game to convey that they are, in some way, no better than zombies.
2. Jack Layton understands the current situation in Afghanistan as well as does Hamid Karzai which is much better than does the current New Conservative Government of Canada under the leadership of Stephen Harper which is still not really very well at all: KarzaiMakesAnOfferTheTalibanCanRefuse - "The Taliban will never negotiate with the Afghan government in the presence of foreign forces," Ahmadi told the Associated Press.
(2) The magnetic material is formed of an iron oxide obtained by oxidizing the iron to the trivalent level, giving it corrosion resistance in an air environment that is much better than that of conventional metal base magnetic materials.
A bench coach should know and comprehend all aspects of baseball.The bench coach should know baseball better than anyone else on the team.Kind of a one man think tank who knows all the little things most guys don't even dream about.
3 is a decent number better than zero, one or two, or negative numbers... as for the cover, i honestly wasn't a huge fan, but i'm a huge tonehead and that guitar tone in the video was too muddy, where the real song relies a lot on a clean thin tone... i definitely wouldn't say it was bad musicially...they got their stuff together, but just wasn't all i hoped it would be
8) Jose Mendez: Last election I wrote "May have been better than R. Foster, just not as much hype to spread the reputation."
A college degree was my ticket to a new life, better than my parents had, to live the American dream...the first college grad in our family, let alone the only female.
[ 2.0 ] "Paige is definitely overrated, I didnt see much about Paige, she has average ring skills, dull mic skills, I think many divas are much better than her in current roster (like Naomi, Natalya, Emma, ) that deserves more push than Paige, Because like Roman Reigns, Paige also was pushed to became a mega star but Unlike Roman reigns, Paige cant get over to WWE universe."
Acid phosphate and passivation, that is impregnated with carbon steel pipe containing manganese, iron, zinc, chromium, phosphate and chromate ions in solution, chemical processing, the pipeline surface layer of a complete needle crystal shape iron phosphate film and the chromium layer, it is compared with the coating and the zinc coating, has good resistance to water, oxygen, ion permeability and good adhesion, alkali and strong, corrosion better than other methods.
[0016] so-called dominating algae, which withstand mechanical stresses or contaminations better than the other ones, such as for example the algae of the Chlorella, Scenedesmus, Skeletonema, Odontella or Nannochloropsis type.
A disciple is no better than his master, a servant than his lord" (Matt.
Adrian Whyne, or deejay Spenny B as he is better known to his schoolmates, took to the stage next, deejaying his original song and crowd favourite, Baby Girl, which earned him a loud forward fom the crowd.
+1, I agree that usually using an existing game engine is better but in this case there already exists an engine I'm just adding a hardware renderer to it while trying to minimize the impact (pipeline changes etc..) using an existing front-end would involve changing the entire pipeline too much, breaking the software renderer etc...
100% cotton (whether quilters cotton or flannel) will absorb any sort of liquid better than just about any sort of poly-anything.
18. Harry Heilmann - I'm not a fan - to me he looks similar to and just a little better than Frank Howard.
ABC made room for a UCLA study on how women handle stress better than men and NBC looked at how Disney created the dinosaurs for its new movie.
1147 The queen of the south shall rise in the judgement with the people of this generation, and condemn  1148 them:  for she came from the ends of the earth that she might hear the wisdom of Solomon; [6] [Arabic, p. 62] and behold, here is a better than Solomon.
2. iPhone 6 build-up : Most of the Apple subcontractors she spoke to expect demand for the new iPhone 6 by December will be 20% better than demand was for last year's big Christmas seller, the iPhone 5S.
1) RFK's location (right in the middle of a major city) is better than most of the SSS's, which for the most part have been built in the hinterlands or otherwisae so far from downtown it might as well be hinterlands.
103? Shes much better than most of the others above Dude, at least shes well known!
1:20  And in any business needing wisdom and good sense, about which the king put questions to them, he saw that they were ten times better than all the wonder-workers and users of secret arts in all his kingdom.
2) It's better than the original, by leaps and bounds 3) It is totally worth your time and money.
3. The debt ceiling argument showed the markets that one party will be doubling down on contractionary fiscal policy, that we can expect no better than continued political warfare.
6 And he looked, and, behold, th"re tool a cake bakeu on the coals, and 4 But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a 'juniper- tree: and he requested for himseli that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O Lord, take away mylife; for I am not better than my fathers.
Advantages of the axillary artery over the femoral artery include: it is less likely to be involved by atherosclerosis; it has good collateral flow, decreasing the risk of ischemic complications; healing is better; and wound complications are less likely.
A common metal sheet is better than nothing at all - just keep ALL power away from it.
20ml Tanqueray No Ten 20ml Noilly Prat Original Dry 20ml Carpano Antica Formula 15ml fresh Orange Juice 15ml Giffard Premium Curacao Triple Sec (way better than Cointreau in my oppinion, didn't have Grand Marnier) 2 Orange Zests 2 dashes TBT Orange Bitters
7-Westfield (2-8, unranked) The Blue Devils were much better than their 2-8 record indicated last fall and are in position for a major turnaround season.
According to some, a number of scores - like the game versions of King Kong and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix by composers Chance Thomas and James Hannigan respectively - are even better than their big screen counterparts.
4. Martin Kemp , Steve Owen's real-life incarnation, is better known by non EastEnders followers for being a member of 80s Romantic pop group Spandau Ballet , which had a string of hits such as True and Gold .
A comparison between GA and Monte-Carlo approaches shows that the GA performance is better than the Monte-Carlo, especially for a small number of evaluations of the cost function.
Add Linux bootloader has some different steps than adding a Windows installation, automated tool like this can so it much better than the manual ways (mostly).
1/2 whole wheat bagel (or bagel of your choice) 1 slice Cheddar cheese 1 apple (green is better) a dash of Cinnamon
6. Ricky Martin in Evita - He did better than people expected, although theatre fans loved when Broadway vet Max von Essen ( Les Miserables ) got to go on for him.
19] Access to Telephone Assistors Remained Low for the Second Year in a Row and IRS Decreased Its 2010 Access Goal: As shown in table 3, taxpayers' access to IRS's telephone assistors was better than last year, but was below IRS's original goal for 2009 and remains well below 2005 through 2007 performance.
A couple hours to myself in a salon was just slightly better than three hours at the urgent care center like last weekend.
[18] Breaking Point: BETTER THAN A DEAD LION 20Jan1964 ABC Mon Written by Mort Fine & Shimon Wincelberg Guest cast: Robert Ryan ........... Lloyd Osment Bettye Ackerman .... Eunice Osment (Ben Casey, Mrs. Sam Jaffee) John Larkin .............. Walker Gosse Jerry Hausner .......... Dr. Gruder Synopsis: The wife of a failing famed author fears that he will destroy himself unless Dr. Thompson can help him.
According to Hendo the board turned better than what he expected and I can vouch for him-dude was throwing some big turns down on the inside reform.
A continued Overweight position in Financials would be predicated on (1) additional loan demand growth; (2) incremental dividend announcements/growth; (3) a more positive interest rate scenario and (4) better-than-expected resolution of regulatory uncertainty.
Active recovery is better than being inactive if you can handle it.
3. Park laps galore in the improved parks - We had numerous reports that this year's High Roller Parks were better than ever, and in each of the three parks Groove, Ante Up and High Roller, they seemed to add all sizes of features for different ability levels, so you could find some smaller jumps and jibs in High Roller next to the big ones.
A 3 feet 6 inch high net is put in place, you now have yourself a backyard court is much better than having to go to the public library has always been a popular sporting event in the table tennis doubles about the time spent chasing errant balls.
After all, what could be more "pragmatic," what works better than simply seizing power, given the opportunity?
09/01/2013 Odd Thomas, a short-order cook who can see dead people and recognize those who intend to harm the living, is back and better than ever.
2038: "Any chance Damien Plessis, Nabil El Zhar and David Ngog could tell me how they got contracts at Liverpool, because I'm better than them three combined and I'm playing for Nottingham Forest's U12s."
Adding extra battery capacity to hybrids is becoming pretty common, but this one is better than the average lead acid trunk fest.
450 grams extra lean ground beef 1/4 teaspoon Kosher salt 1/2 teaspoon black pepper 1/4 teaspoon dry mustard 1 cup finely diced onions 2-3 cloves garlic, minced 200 g broad/wide egg noodles 1 1/2 teaspoons Better than Bouillon Beef Base (or substitute beef broth for the boiling water below) 3/4 cup plain Greek yogurt (I use Liberte's 0% fat) 2 cups sliced mushrooms of your choice 2 tablespoons unbleached flour 1 1/2 cups boiling water 1/2 cup cold water 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 1/2 tsp cornstarch
163.The palace-garden at Haarlem, formerly occupied by King Louis, and originally the property of the celebrated banker, Hope, is in no respect remarkable as to design; but pines are grown there better than in most gardens in Holland, and strawberries are successfully forced.
A final observation that had me doing a double-take is that Vermont is leading the pack with a "conversion" rate of better than 2%.
2012 BMW 3 Series Review: Better Than Ever
A father is key here; because a father tends to notice them better than a mother does and tends to control those people, places and things.
A crore and more at stake, horses at their peak, a jackpot of Rs 10lakh, good food, fine fashion, great ambience and a gentle January sun - the good life doesn't get any better than the Eveready Calcutta Derby Stake 2013-14 Grade I, to be held in association with The Telegraph on December 12 at the Royal Calcutta Turf Club.
1. Stan Musial - I wouldn't trade him if you offered me the next 3 on the ballot 2. Yogi Berra - Terrific hitter for a catcher, terrific catcher for a hitter 3. Biz Mackey - Giving Bob Boone credit for the defense and longevity but keeping the 98 OPS+ 4. Clark Griffith - He's clearly better than his contemporaries 5. Cool Papa Bell - Better than Ashburn and I'd have Ashburn right about here.
5. The method of claim 1, wherein identifying the pattern based on the comparison comprising determining whether a third correlation score that quantifies a correlation between the second field of the second frame and the first field of a third frame is better than the second correlation score, the third frame immediately following the second frame in the sequence of frames.
(1) Furlesse Elevens are better than Frownies b/c there is no drying time.
4. Battery calorific value actually ipad3 even if charging the play the game better than the beauty of the heat T860 cool much can be used for a while is a hot plate you might as well try I bought several plate to yourself to others I only recommend iPad 3 because other in he appears after the can't more than.
2000 -- $1000 spent on advertising and marketing is better than $1000 spent on R&D.
4. In line with the above most sales staff prefer to communicate via messenger or email rather than telephone as their reading and writing comprehension is much better than their speaking and listening.
1. Girls do better than boys.
2011 - an ace (CC), a wildcard (Nova - who's actually better than AJ was in 2009), and an aging guy who just knows how to pitch (Garcia).
A birdie at the last gave Justin Rose a two-under-par 69. Lee Westwood fought back from five over early on to finish one over par, a shot better than Ian Poulter and Sir Nick Faldo, who carded 73s.
73 Dave VK3DXL ----- Original Message ----- From: "Bob Bruninga" To: "TAPR APRS Special Interest Group" Cc: Sent: Thursday, October 05, 2000 12:07 PM Subject: [amsat-bb] SUNSAT PAROT Mode thought... : It might be nice to see some experimentation at somethign new, something : that is better suited to the mode at hand than just a repeat of the same : experiences on the FM sats.
5. Lipstick: Makeup forever, just because they have such a huge range of colors to choose from, and the lasting power is better than most, in my opinion.
A foreigner like me, who learns Old Norse specifically to study old texts, is better off dealing with the language as people actually wrote it...not with an ultra-pure form that even a Norseman would have considered strange.
A country with a population and player pool as small as NZ cannot ever afford to have anything better than its best 11 on the park.
2) 2 Chainz- B.O.A.T.S II: #METime :  2 Chainz said in a vlog this past week that he doesn't give a fuck about album sales (which kind of contradicts what he said in that Breakfast Club interview, about how he cares about sales), and he affirmed, "slow motion is better than no motion."
#1 pottery Plaster is better for drying clay (than hydrostone) because it can absorb more water, according to an instructor (Thanks Nick Tranmer) of mine.
About mid-February the Allotment Commission began its splendid work in camp; and it seemed to Ailsa that the mental relief it brought to her patients was better than any other medicine-­that is, better for the Union patients; for now there were, also, in the wards, a number of Confederate wounded, taken at various times during the skirmishing around Fairfax-­quiet, silent, dignified Virginians, and a few fiery Louisianians, who at first, not knowing what to expect, scarcely responded to the brusque kindness of the hospital attendants.
A Brit with some common sense.It's not better music on either side.It's just based on personal prefrence.Mentally retarded people can't see that.In terms of record sales,Elvis has sold more.However,Elvis isn't better than the Beattles,or vice versa.I think a Brit who made this list,had alot of time on his hands.It's also obvious he dislikes America.He's as biased as they come.
1: New in for mation has become public that indicates that GTA V on PC is definitely coming along a lot better than you may have been e... 2: has been confirmed.
+1 If I were you, I'd go with 2x 285s, will scale better than 2x 9800GX2s
Admittedly I have complained about DB's annoying use of deus ex machinas (jumping out of an helicopter - really?), but now I admit that any plot contrivance, no matter how absurd, is better than page after page of dialogue (including an entire lecture!) about new-age philosophy.
1 ½ cups all purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon salt ¼ teaspoon baking soda ¾ cup plus 2 tbsp sugar 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 2 large eggs 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel 1 teaspoon grated orange peel 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 cup Beaumes-de-Venise or other Muscat wine 1 ½ cups red seedless grapes (smaller is better), washed and dried
Actor Seth Rogen is better known for his pot moking characters in movies, but there is another side of this comedian you wouldn't expect- Alzheimer's research advocate.
4.5 Varying the Problem Size Figure 4.3 shows that with increasing problem size, P T and A S L do significantly better than other algorithms.
2004 BEST ACTOR WINNER JAMIE FOXX and LIKELY 2009 WORST ACTOR NOMINEE GERARD BUTLER   CO-STAR AS ADVERSARIES on TWO SIDES of the LAW -- FOXX PROFESSING THAT "SOME JUSTICE IS BETTER THAN NO JUSTICE AT ALL," and BUTLER WANTING to BLOW MANKIND to KINGDOM COME for the BRUTAL MURDER/RAPE of HIS WIFE and DAUGHTER.
After a long, tiring day of studying, nothing better than snuggling in the couch with a fluffy blanket, lots of popcorn, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
A delightful mini with everything you could want; a sweet heart neckline with two- button detailing, hidden pockets, back ... One of our most popular dresses is back and better than ever, made with a super sweet gingham pattern!
48 0 my boy! the old age of the eagle is better than the youth of the crow.
8. For instance (for it is better to make our argument clear by an illustration), one of those noted for wickedness - some Jechoniah, say, or some other of evil memory- has obliterated the beauty of his nature by the pollution of wickedness ; yet in Moses and in men like him the form of the image was kept pure.
2014 rct3 160mm solo air pike Xo 10 speed clutch dérailleur and shifter Race face 32 tooth narrow wide chain ring Slx cranks Shimano xt brakes Sun inferno 27 rims laced to Hadley racing hubs Chromag ranger stem Brand new chromag OS X dinars Chromag Lynx dt saddle Chromag seatpost clamp Arron gwin odi lock on grips Kmc gold 10 speed chain Maxxis minion 2.3 folding bead tires This bike is a pedaling machine, also rips the downhills better than most 6 inch bikes.
A few extra-special fusions when using specific duos (say, the Heroes of Hire) would've been nice, but as it stands, it's still better than a lot of "Jazz fusion" I had to listen to for my music appreciation classes in college and it's much more deadly.
- 9/10 As a host of PC gamers get ready to mock, let us start this review by saying that Edios have pulled the unimaginable - it's made Deus Ex on PS2 arguably better than on PC! How so?
71% said that "even though SkyTrain is more expensive to build, it is better than ground LRT";
A bright green line against a dark brown background is MUCH better than that same green line against a blue sky.
2. You can pound home all day the fact tat you guys gave up less yards from scrimmage (a whopping51 yards) but the one that really matters is PPG, and Ravens are better than the Texans.
Actually, per the earlier "Jeep Sales Down" posting, Liberty sales are up slightly, and at 12845/mo would be 154,000/year, or the same or better than Cherokee.
2 stud safeties, dont have to worry about Colon's contract/health with Warmack, Jackson plays similar to a Ray Lewis, very physical.. Spencer Ware has star potential just is hidden from LSUs RB by committee approach.. Reid will be a nice nickel corner in the league.. and Hopkins is better then Suisham.
1. Better Than Before: Sometimes this game can get extremely complicated, but take a step back and it remains remarkably simple.
AEG Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft (which is German for General Electricity Company), or AEG as it is better known, was founded in Berlin in 1883 as a manufacturer of electrical products such as motors or generators..
5) Submissions work better than last year, but you have to know how: practice "the shine."
2nd best ballpark that I've ever been to, next to New Yankee Stadium) 2. Wrigley (been there, better than Fenway, but old Tiger Stadium was better that Wrigley) 3. Minute Maid 4. Busch (haven't been there) 5. Miller (haven't been there) 6. GABP (haven't been there)
+10 Mace/Chain is better than LBW, dont believe me? calculate yourself in stat calculator, play around with hydra and skel worker card
1. the barbarian is the best class at handling all of the different encounter types - single target, 2-3 man groups, and groups with adds 2. the barbarian's blood rage stance is better at leeching life than all of the dark templar's life leech abilities combined 3. the solo game is still difficult as a barbarian.
Additionally, the magazine does not stay away from negative comparisons, such as asserting that Black Lagoon is better than Noir and Trinity Blood.
AFTER its stellar performance in the year's first quarer, one that proved to be better than expected in several important aspects, the American economy might soon shift into still higher gear boom speed threatening a return of some of the old dangers that led to the last traumatic recession.
1 cup unrefined sugar 1 1/2 cup olive oil, Seems like a lot but the amount is just right plus it is better than using butter, healthier fats 2 eggs 2 cups rolled oats 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 1/2 cup whole wheat pastry flour 2 teaspoons aluminum free baking powder 1/2 cup wheat germ, oat bran also works well 2 cups dark chocolate chips, 1 cup choc chips and 1 cup walnuts works well as well
1. EVEN BETTER THAN THE REAL THING Recorded at Estadio Azteca, Mexico City, 15th May 2011  2.
41 Recent data from the Evaluation Study of Congestive Heart Failure and Pulmonary Artery Catheter Effectiveness (ESCAPE) suggest that nurses may be better than physicians at estimating 6-month mortality in patients with advanced heart failure.
08/17/2010 - Read Todd Martens of the Los Angeles Times Music Blog full review of No Better Than This .
Act with courage or go down in history as letting 10-15 lousy ATF employees destroy an important government agency and damage ATF's fight against violent crime, a fight we do better than any other agency, even as screwed up as were are right now.
A foster placement like this, is rather similar to a real open adoption, with the power balance completely reversed, yes, the mother may need to convince the social workers or so that she is good enough, but she will not have to prove she is better than the foster family, to take the child away and welcome it home forever.
[2/10] The bass soloist, with the chorus, adds a plea that the sacrifice of white oxen by Rome 's founder Aeneas, son of Venus and Anchises may have its due reward, better than the enemy at his feet, treated mercifully.
Add it up, and you get a four-wheel-drive wagon-like utility vehicle that offers 200 horsepower while promising better than 60 mpg on a European test cycle.
92 points "Quite surprisingly, this is aromatically more elegant, at least at present with green apple, citrus blossom and subtle wood influence that is picked up by the big, rich, powerful and driving flavors that are actually no more concentrated but there is better depth, more minerality and a bit more length.
A123 says that its cells, which use lithium-ion nano­phosphate for the cathode, will retain much of their energy capacity over 10 years, performing far better than the cobalt-oxide chemistries used in mobile phones and laptops.
aDanica McKellar has a message for girls: Cute and smart is better than cute and dumb.a a The Associated Press a[A] fun and accessible resource to help spark undiscovered math abilities in girls.a a Dr. Sally Ride, first American woman in space aMcKellar is probably the only person on prime-time television who moonlights as a cyberspace math tutor.a a "The New York Times"
2010 NFL Fantasy Football Player Rankings: I don't expect Walker to have a slow down towards the end of the season this year as he is better prepared to handle a full schedule.
( ) 2016 BMW 340i vs Tuned 2012 Dinan BMW 328i - Does a Dinan tuned BMW 3 series sound better than a stock factory car?
8.  One more thought: Whenever Mayweather does finally show up, his legal deposition has the potential to be even better than all of those interviews with Brian Kenny and Larry Merchant.
1. Sharkoon X-TATIC Digital - $160 + Best Overall, Sound, comfort, Durability 2. Tritton AX PRO - $170 + Very similar to AX PRO, just less Comfortable 3. Astro a40 with mix amp - $250 + Sound great, But for the price they should sound better than the less expensive tritton and sharkoon.
A better-than-expected consumer-confidence index as well as a good earnings report from Verizon seemed to soothe recent investor terrorism jitters.
(56) Any articles bequeathed with the house, and by which the building is better provided, or rendered safe from fire, are embraced in the legacy; hence tiles, mirrors, and curtains are included, likewise, coverlets, beds, mattresses, pillows, benches, chairs, tables, chests, tripods, toilet-boxes, wash-basins, candelabra, lamps, and similar objects, no matter of what material they may be composed.
After a six-game losing streak, the Cubs have now won four straight overall and boast a +6 run differential, better than some winning teams like the San Francisco Giants (28-25) and Washington Nationals (27-26).
Abe Lincoln was nicknamed Honest Abe, but today he is better known by his rap star handle, One Cent.
1. the DVB-T reception is not fantastic on the move, but better than pinnacle one i used previously.
A common question I'm asked in Buenos Aires, normally by Argentines, is "Why do you want to live here???" The impression is that everything in Europe, particularly in London, works a lot "better" than it does in Latin America.
2426 Pennsylvania Avenue, Baltimore, MD The State of Maryland did even better than New York.
1. why did my theme get rejected Im using your framework 2.the similarity thing 3.Support issues, Im building my own framework because well we know our own source better than anyone else and should be able to support it.
Active 3D was specifically designed for home use because it is so amazing and better than what viewers experience in the theater.
Abstract: These amendments to the Part 63 General Provisions would allow facilities that are subject to maximum achievable control technology (MACT) to discontinue those requirements if, through pollution prevention measures, they achieve and can demonstrate continued hazardous air pollutant (HAP) emission reductions equivalent to or better than the MACT level of control.
19) -- If you approach the objectives you're seeking in a practical, realistic manner, your hopes and expectations will have better-than-normal chances of being fulfilled.
After a two week contest challenging participants to produce fake screenshots of Mac OS X "Leopard" concluded, the winners were declared "better than the real thing" -- with a $1,000 prize pack going to the top contender.... Adobe has launched new eSeminars available via Adobe On Demand, offering courses that focus on helping designers learn tricks as well as design tips.... Early Bird pricing for the FlashForward conference and film festival ends today, with prices ranging from $50 to $1,200.
45 daveindenton - Theme from Schindler's List , John Williams Better than fair enough, Dave.
A Delhi-based non-governmental organization (NGO) reported, "Thousands of female infants are murdered in their mother's wombs or are born to die; the justification is that a girl child is better dead than alive in a society which views her as a financial burden."
(1) The commissioner of the bureau of employment programs is better suited than the department of labor to set prevailing wage rates because the bureau collects wage data for workers' compensation and unemployment compensation; and (2) A transfer of the powers and duties associated with setting prevailing wage rates from the department of labor to the bureau for employment programs would serve the public interest by eliminating duplication of effort and resulting in a more streamlined and efficient process performed by one agency instead of two.
Adam Brown, founder of British menswear label Orlebar Brown , speaks the language of style better than most.
11. "Two are better than one, becausethey have a good return for theirwork: If one falls down, his friendcan help him up.
1968 3 Years Old Rob's younger brother, Michael David Cummings, was born in 1968 and is better known by his stage name Spider One.
"A flawed campaign that allows the voters to decide who will be the senator is a lot better than having one person, the governor, filling the position,'' said former Republican state treasurer Joseph D. Malone.
A brunette, she kept her hair shorter than the other girls, just above her shoulders, and she did have a nice smile, and an actual figure, which was considerably better than Anna's pathetic collection of female attributes.
1996 B4 passat TDI - leaks oil - saw the CARFAX and the true mileage - 400,000 miles - ouch 2002 Jetta TDI - better than the passat... 2007 Ford Focus - good car
20 minute in class discussion about where food comes from, how it is grown, and why eating fresh, sustainably grown food is better for the environment and one's own health.
4 The increase in the executive's compensation as the market learns about his skills can reflect a variety of alternative phenomena including (a) actual growth in the manager's skills over time (experience effects), (b) survivorship effects (so the distribution of skill of survivors is better than the unconditional (original) distribution and (c) the impact of downward rigid wages and market competition for excellent performers.
12. (Allah) said: "What prevented you (O Iblis ) that you did not prostrate, when I commanded you?" Iblis said: "I am better than him (Adam), You created me from fire, and him You created from clay."
According to our database, the only machines to perform better than this are a few multimedia/ business and gaming hot-shots with powerful Sandy Bridge processors and dedicated graphics cards, in each case also equipped with an SSD.
4.2 miles is a long way and although you think you may not be able to finish it, when you start it and then finish it, you realize that you are better than you think you are.
1967 felt like time to treat Warner's indy distributors better than setting up a table on one side of the room with coffee and cinnamon rolls, and better than dealing with independent distributors whose whole idea of a smash hit is "we'll buy six, get one free."
Abolishment of the Official Secrets Act and the Sedition Act may open up a pandora box of dirty secrets that is better left unopened.
Above all, whether we do it through our own website or not, we should GET SOME VIRAL VIDEOS OUT THERE that will play and play on YouTube and other sites, that the general public will actually want to watch and to watch again and to share with their friends - and generally use the new media rather better than we have as a Guild so far.
A first-person survival horror adventure with an amnesiac protagonist; the story is somewhat better than you'd think.
8-Bit Inspiration is an ebook about the lessons we learned from the Golden Age of arcade gaming, and how to use them to make your product/service better than ever.
According to bargain watcher website DealNews , pricing of the iPad 2 could briefly fall to $299 on Black Friday, which is better than shelling out $329 for its 7-inch counterpart.
A church can be made up of the most upright prudes imaginable, but if they lack a spirit of love and compassion, they are no better than the pagans.
After joining the audience in laughing at the question, Mr. Obama said that inquiry "is better directed to Mr. Romney - but I will say this: When you express an attitude that half the country considers itself victims - that somehow they want to be dependent on government - my thinking is, maybe you haven't gotten around a lot."
5. The Rabbi: The pious man is nothing but a prince who is obeyed by his senses, and by his mental as well as his physical faculties, which he governs corporeally, as it is written: 'He that ruleth his spirit [is better] than he that taketh a city' (Prov.
[ 14 ] Buckingham himself provides evidence that he gave in to the King's passion, writing to James many years later that he had pondered: "whether you loved me now...better than at the time which I shall never forget at Farnham, where the bed's head could not be found between the master and his dog'.
5           It was probably no better than now, a fact reported by Hedin as well as by Stein; namely, that the sensitive soles of the camels' hoofs would be injured by the razor-sharp edges of the ground surface, until blood appeared.
A Chocolate Affair is back, thanks to the VIVA Auto Group, and its bigger and better than ever!
#1 - The show I had no interest in watching without Simon is better than it's been in years, and I am love, love, loving the new vibe... especially Steven Tyler.
Actually started my music adventure with Tonic and the Goo Goo Dolls, back in 97', then there was Pearl Jam, Gin Blossoms and Better than Ezra shortly thereafter.
According to Deadline Snow White and the Huntsman made $20.3 million domestically on Friday, plus another $1.84 million from midnight showings; that's good enough for a projected $55.8 million domestic opening, which is much, much better than anybody expected.
According to this organization, Texas is better than New York (I've never been, but I've heard about New York pizza, New York cheesecake and New York hot dogs from street vendors), Louisiana (who doesn't love a little Cajun?), Oregon (donuts/sushi/chocolate -- everything tastes good there), Hawaii (fresh fruit all day and night) and Wisconsin (OMG the cheese).
Actually the room was better than I expected,considered the same price room that I stayed in Hongkong.I'll definitely choose this hotel again when I go to London next year.
15th Street is much less crowded than 23rd Street, and the Noria intersection to K10 has a longer merge lane and the sight distance to the east is better.
1-Apple iPad 2 which is still better than most (maybe all?) Android tablets.
9. Asin does have a little pointed nose but I'll bet she looks better than Charlize any day of the week.
A:Â "At first I was a little taken back, but that's how Zab is.Â I don't take much of it personally.Â He's a terrific fighter with a wealth of experience.Â He tried to get under my skin at the press conference and on Twitter, but come July 23 I'll be able to show the world who is better and that's all that matters."
11 Apr 2005 Yad Vashem to Honor German WWII Officer Very few Germans are honored at the Yad Vashem memorial German Wehrmacht officer Karl Plagge has been called "better than Oskar Schindler" for saving Jewish lives during World War II.
According to most versions of this theory, there are three ways that one establishes one's "turn" in line: 1) by being a sitting or former Vice President; 2) by running in a previous year, losing but doing better than expected; or 3) by attaining some sort of formal institutional leadership, i.e., serving as Senate Minority Leader or Speaker of the House.
A couple of pleasant surprises: my TV picture (HDMI signal routed through the Pioneer) is better, and I do get an on screen amplitude display (though I had been under the impression the Pioneer didn't have this feature).
5. Other than aesthetics and gameplay changes/additions, is it a discernibly different experience to Bad Company 2? Would you say it's even a lot better than it?
1/ IF YOU ARE IN THE USA ILLEGALLY, THEN YOU ARE BREAKING FEDERAL & STATE LAWS!!!! 2/ IF YOU FILE TAX RETURNS USING FALSE OR ILLEGAL TAX I.D. NUMBERS THEN YOU ARE AGAIN BREAKING THE FEDERAL & STATE LAWS!!! IF MY GOVERNMENT CAN'T MANAGE THIS ILLEGAL ALIEN FIASCO, BETTER THAN THIS....THEN I'M GOING TO MOVE TO EUROPE!!! AT TIMES, I'M EMBARRASED TO BE AN AMERICAN!!
1. Vitamuffins 2. Light yogurt (usually Dannons) 3. Laughing cow lite 4. Morning Star Farms "Better than Burgers" 5. Apples 6.
2 - stealth is not much use, it is better to just run away, it is rarely possible to get past them without get close enough that they will detect you
100x better than the twilight crap she was into a few years ago.
A common misnomer is that more broiler power is better.
1: Annix - Gold Chains (TC Rmx) 2: Dabs and MC Kwality - Skull and Bones (Sam Binga Rmx) 3: Addison Groove and Sam Binga - Rzor (Friction Rmx) 4: DC Breaks - Swag 5: Camo & Krooked - All Night 6: Break - Music is Better 7: DJ Marky & Invaderz - After Midnight 8: Wilkinson - Afterglow 9: Konichi - Field of Vibrations 10: Critical Impact feat.
After a languorous Monday or a head-spinning Wednesday, there'd be few things better than hopping aboard the next flight to a breezy Italian villa on the Mediterranean coast.
Acupuncture or external herbs work very well for eczema, psoriasis and other skin conditions in themselves, but when the condition is stubborn it is better to combine both therapies.
Afleet Alex was rated behind a decidedly slower-than-normal Arkansas Derby paceline (73-74-83 for the first three calls), making his 96F and 108 Beyer Speed Figure even better than it looked.
After doing this repair, my scooter ran better than it ever did.
2. Fly like the wind in its made-for-speed low slung design that now features a better than ever fit and feel thanks to the improved upper and ...
[ 24 ] The main declared objectives of the specification was to define a digital cinema system that would "present a theatrical experience that is better than what one could achieve now with a traditional 35mm Answer Print" , to provide global standards for interoperability such that any DCI-compliant content could play on any DCI-compliant hardware anywhere in the world and to provide robust protection for the intellectual property of the content providers.
[121] Through the Penta-P, FTA is studying whether commercial due diligence of proposed transit mega projects clarifies their costs and benefits better than conventional due diligence, and thereby improves the build-decisions.
$4.63 redemption value for a Points & Money Reward is a low value, although better than the $3.48/1,000 points redemption value for the standard award at 40,000 points for a $139 room rate.
12:00N - TCM - King Kong The grand-daddy of sound creature features, stop-motion special effects, and perhaps surprisingly, original film scores - despite a couple of creaky moments in the special effects, Kong holds up far better than it has any right to do.
2 repo vavle covers w drippers and really nice (better than original) chrome - - $50 each SOLD
22. Kind of say listen I know that they're still murders going on but were doing better than we did four years ago and in the place had helped -- bit.
a clipboard is better than a magic invisibility cloak . . .
1 Burning Down the House 4:00 2 Making Flippy Floppy 5:53 3 Girlfriend Is Better 5:45 4 Slippery People 5:03 5 I Get Wild/Wild Gravity 5:14 6 Swamp 5:09 7 Moon Rocks 5:42 8 Pull up the Roots 5:08 9 This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody) 4:56
[0030] According to live music and atmosphere, the relative angle between each reflector and each light source is changed when the number of the faculae is changed, so that the lights sent out from the light sources generate a special effect of scaling in the space after being reflected by the reflectors, consequently, the stage rendering effect is better.
5:08: Kim, on whether a non profit organization could take over some NCs to administer funding, etc: "A non profit would do it better than city government if legal issues are not a barrier.
1.5 scoop Potato Starch Carbohydrate 13g Pepto Pro 7g 4:1:1 BCAA (leuc ratio) 3g Creatine Monohydrate 2.5g Beta-Alanine Doesn't get any better than this, swole after .01secs of drinking haha.
#10 Bismarck Bobcats and #13 Minot Minotauros (Fri-Sat)  -    Minot would like nothing better than to be in a position to face Bismarck in the first round of the play-offs to avoid another run-in with Austin.
After a sex rejection, there's no soundtrack like Exile: "Mesmerizing," "Divorce Song," "Fuck and Run": it doesn't get any better than this.
Absolutely, having the BBA sent to the States as a failsafe is much better than across the board cuts, but If I remember, he was one to lecture us the other day for taking too hard a line on Boehner.
Additionally, the flavors and quality of food were much better than many of the table service restaurants at WDW.
2004 Four Winds Vineyard Chardonnay: Four Winds is better known for its Pinot Noir but in 2004 the Pinot Noir was completely decimated so the Chardonnay will have to carry on the family name for this vintage.
Adam and Eve, after partaking of the forbidden fruit, acknowledge that is "better" that they disobey Father.
After all Im a guy and I cannot think of anything that feels any better than a world class blow job.
[...] 16, 2012 By Fred Clark Leave a CommentAt Lawyers Guns & Money, SEK highlights one of the more atrocious moments from the vice presidential debate:The one thing you don't address - the one you know better than to pursue - the one that must [...]
9:16 So I concluded that wisdom is better than might , but a poor man's wisdom is despised; no one ever listens to his advice.
[ 11 ] Moreover, if the unique games conjecture is true then minimum vertex cover cannot be approximated within any constant factor better than 2. [ 12 ]
A better big may have been available but I can't recall a decent big man being traded this offseason for a Law & Speedy package.I think a combination of Crawford and Diogu for example is better than a trio of Flip, Speedy, and Law.
1 , 4 , 5 The prognosis of this neoplasm is better than that of pancreatic cancer, with 5-year survival rates after resection between 30% and 60%. 1 -  20 Nevertheless, up to 60% of these patients will experience tumor recurrence and eventually die of their disease.
1 VS. 100 is the best Millionaire format I've seen in a long while, even better than Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and Deal or No Deal.
2B and catcher should be improved so patching the expected loss in left means this lineup has the chance to be as good if not better than the 2010 version.
2 The literal translation of the Hebrew is: "within my walls a hand and a name better than sons and daughters."
After a slow start, the Hobbit series has founf new life in the second movie which is titled "The Desolution of Smaug," anbd in a way it's a little better than the first, but still lag behind the Lord of the Rings series from a decade ago.
1. "stealing from professional reviews for all your other pieces of writing" ??? 2. you're right though mate, boy do we hate Australian music... 3. arguing that triple j is a good radio station just because they're better than nova is a bit of a silly argument.
4 Wheel Hydraulic Disc Brakes: Much better than the traditional drum brakes for the ultimate stopping power.
1. Charge a fee if an order is cancelled within 30 seconds of order submission unless the order would be at or better than the NBBO.
1 cup crumbled Maytag blue cheese 2 cups mayonnaise 3 medium shallots, chopped fine 1 cup Sutter Home Zinfandel 2 tablespoons Better Than Bouillon Beef Base 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 1/2 teaspoon Tabasco Pepper Sauce 3 pounds ground sirloin 1 teaspoon salt Scant 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper 6 seeded hamburger rolls 6 ounces mesclun salad greens, rinsed and dried
Actually, the history length is better to be not much longer than the filter output sampling interval, otherwise it would appear as image lag.
13) Comparative Deletion better, best, good, worst, more, less, most, least She's a better person - better than whom, she's the best, compared to who Your offer is expensive - expensive compared to what
5 Pros One of the most popular Dual Cab utes mainly because the Triton was one of the first to bring in everyday styling to a utility vehicle 5 year warranty is class leading Good rear seat space and it is ok off road 3 tonne towing capacity is better than the Toyota Hilux (but on par with many competitors) Ok economy in the reasonably powerful diesel (but sill leagues apart from most SUV's) 5 Cons 4 out of 5 star safety.
6) Best movie about baseball John Sayles' "Eight Men Out" -- It tells a great story (better than Eliot Asinof's poorly written book does) of historical importance, it's paced and edited so skillfully, and most important of all it captures the joy and heartbreak that players and devoted fans routinely feel about the game (and about this event in its history).
1) Firefox (browser) 2) Facebook (friends, students, colleages - better than email, better than IM) 3) Bloglines (the RSS feedreader that does what I need) 4) Dell Inspiron (affordable computer) 5) Pandora (internet music streaming)
6. Alabama (-27.5) at Kentucky (7 ET ESPN2) Kentucky has played three straight top-15 teams, and the results have been better than many Wildcats fans might have expected - a 14-point loss to Louisville, a 17-point loss to Florida and a seven-point loss to South Carolina.
19. [Unimportant Post] Building a new rig! - in EVE General Discussion [ original thread ] Seems like we left out intel is having issues with IB and the tri gate transistors... the CPUs are using more power and making more heat than intel thought (still better than AMD) but I would not be like OMG NEED IB... IB no real performace gain ... - by supersexysucker - at 2012.04.22 18:23:00
1 beef eye round roast (2 lb), tied 1/2 tsp coarsely ground black pepper 2 tsp vegetable oil 2 beef-flavor bouillon cubes (used 1 tbsp " Better than bouillon food base " 1 garlic clove 1 bay leaf 1/2 tsp dried tarragon (used fresh thyme from my kitchen garden) 1 medium carrot
Additionally, Dawid Konarski top scored in Ufa doing better than his counterpart Leandro Vissotto but Ural UFA was anchored there by their outside hitters - Pavel Abramov and Alexey Spiridonov - who performed with much more consistency and quality than Delecta's Marcin Wika and Stéphane Antiga.
A cloak is great, but a coat is better, because it has sleeves and you can
After its recent makeover, Filter is back and even better than before!
1.) I dont recall Soul Society being claimed to be like heaven... as i recall during Chad's introductory arc Rukia explains Soul Society to just be better than earth in the fact that you dont get hungry.
Actually this one looks better than the strawberry mochi cake.
20-March 20) -- The possibilities to fulďŹ ll all the work projects on your agenda are better than usual at this time, owing mostly to a new frame of mind.
According to Blake's acquaintance Allan Cunningham, at the sitting Blake and Phillips talked of paintings of angels, and Blake said that the Archangel Gabriel had told him that Michelangelo could paint an angel better than Raphael could.
A cake-eater is a person usually coming from a wealthier family, who has superficial depth and values ( stuck-up , tacky and conceited ), plays the politically correct game to the upper-most, all because they believe they are better than others due to their wealth or over-abundance of false pride.
About the lack of unity in the Spanish Empire, I cannot refrain from quoting the famous oath of allegiance of the Aragonese nobility to the king:   "We, who are as good as you, swear to you, who are no better than we, to accept you as our king, provided you observe all our liberties and laws; but if not, not".
1.she risked her live to find ash in the power of one movie then when ash a pika hu turned into ghosts she cried but wiped away her tears before he saw them and their goodbye was better than when he said goodbye to May or dawn I don't care for iris though
40mm flak was once better than rudimentary rockets for anti-air defense.
24oz can poured into a pint glass A: Light yellow color with a 1/2-finger head that quickly settles S: A mix of corn/rice/wheat/hops T: Light, mostly adjunct grains, a hint of hops M: Light-bodied, a hint of hops, a bit crisp, better than MBC but unremarkable O: A buck for 24oz makes this better than the big boys but there are many I'd turn to for their quality even if more expensive before drinking more of this
1) - best reliever ever, next to Wilhelm 2) - well he's better than Sutter and Fingers 3) - we need to put a relief pitcher in (we're a little short in that category) and he's clearly the best 4) - he's better than Lee Smith and Smith holds the saves record
3.  Also a key question which has been debated by forum members over the past few months - Which is better: the Sony KDL-32D3000 or Panny TX-32LXD700?
Aaron Blake pointed out in the Washington Post that Romney ran ahead of most of the Republican Senate candidates: He did better than Connie Mack in Florida, George Allen in Virginia, Tommy Thompson in Wisconsin, Denny Rehberg in Montana, Jeff Flake in Arizona, Pete Hoekstra in Michigan, Deb Fischer in Nebraska, Rick Berg in North Dakota, Josh Mandel in Ohio, and of course Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard Mourdock in Indiana.
Actually it is better than the last dozen #1 overall picks, but it's tough to compare since so many of them were QBs: JaMarcus Russell Mario Williams Alex Smith Eli Manning Carson Palmer David Carr Michael Mike Vick Courtney Brown Tim Couch Peyton Manning Orlando Pace Keyshawn Johnson
A depiction that is better suited to a Jetson's episode on the Cartoon Network?
5th - Apple sue other companies in many coutries 6th - Apple don't want to be sued 7th - Apple was trying to remove Google Maps app from the app store eventhough Google maps is free, better than Apple maps and many iphone users love google maps
A flat door would look better than what you currently have (sorry) and then you could get some cool retro or more modern hardware.
A 3rd thing that made the dream better than usual was not having to get up and go out on a 20 mile training run in the cold too!
A-awesome B-bubbilicous C-cool D-directioner E-england F-fabulous G-gorgeous H-harry I-incredible J-james (Niall James Horton) K-kool L-lost without each other M- More of 1D N-Niall O-One Direction (u have 2 love them P-popular Q-queen of england R- restless S-Simon Cowell T-Tomlinsin U-unmistakible V-Very cuuuuuuuute boy band W-What can be better than 1D X-X Factor Y-you are totally awesome Z-zayn One Direction is totally awesome.
2) Lee played the most minutes in most of these years, many at the 5. 3) Even the ghost of JON is better than most of those centers.
6) "12 Fingers" - Better than God Made Man, but really not by much.
10. Rules Of Engagement Sure, all these rules are important, but no one is better at setting boundaries for your relationship than you.
A composition book written by one of the greatest composers of piano music in our time... it doesn't get any better than that!
Abbreviated solo stories and quiet, stolen moments do an amazingly economic job of fleshing out Ava and Isabella, to the point where the reader knows their motivations and inner workings as well as, if not better than, the male leads'.
3) The Rock & C.M. Punk : They continued to build their match at the Rumble and actually got into a bit of a brawl at the end of the 20th anniversary of Raw, hell it's better than all the passive aggressive bitching that took place in the Rock-Cena feud last year...this was a slow damn week.
Admittedly I am harsher on the left for disparaging those of us who desire someone better than Obama, yet Nicole Sandler presented a point that I couldn't argue with, one that has made me consider rerecording this podcast, while chastising Jill Steins chances of winning she points out that the Green Party has no Congressional apparatus that could support her if she won.
According to Top Gear on the History channel last year (yes, we know the Brit version is better; move on) you can grab a $500 ride almost anywhere that looks like crap but has a heart of gold.
1st Rounders under PCJS 2010 Okung and Thomas (great 1st round) 2011 Carpenter (Better than a bust IMO, and often injured) 2012 Irvin (8 sacks as a rookie) 2013 Harvin (when on the field tilts it more than any player on our Offense)
14   Justice Holmes in his dissent in Abrams v. United States said "the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas - that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market. . . .
2. Chinese - There is nothing better than finding an excellent little hole in the wall Chinese restaurant that is likely in some weirdo strip mall.
2006 Arnold Sports Festival: Bigger and better than ever (03/19/2006) With more than 15,000 athletes, and an unprecedented number of sports ranging from archery and martial arts to powerlifting and speed skating, this year's Arnold Sports Festival was a resounding success.
According to Dr. Art Dawson of the Dawson Company, "These results are consistent, if not better than earlier fruit set trials done in New Zealand, Chile and the 2012 results from Oregon and California.
1. Economic and financial conditions have improved in recent months, the risks of instability have decreased, and Macedonia has weathered the global crisis better than most of the countries in the region.
30 Economic Class Analysis hough the false Marxist theory of economic class analysis is better known today, it was derived (in the mid-1800s) from the correct theory of economic class analysis originated by the French intellectuals of the late 1700s.
2014 January 4, Lucy Hughes-Hallett, "The other Charlotte Brontë girl [online version (3 January 2014): Why Villette is better than Jane Eyre: Everybody knows Jane Eyre, but Charlotte Brontë's greatest and most original novel was her last, Villette]" [1] , The Daily Telegraph , London, page R14:
4.3 V6 1996 - 1999 This engine is just like your original factory engine, we bored the cylinders bigger, machine all the castings and replaced all the parts with better than factory ones.
4. The peer-review we get from the general saber audience is far better than the peer-review we'd get from academia.
[ 42 ] Don't Stop , the second album by Norwegian singer Annie , was released in 2009 and includes several tracks produced and co-written by Xenomania, including the single " My Love Is Better ".
A 120Hz refresh rate does not guarantee the absence of motion blur (nothing prevents a pixel from taking more than 1/120 second to switch) but it is a good indication that the response time of this panel is better.
According to Shia LaBeouf , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is better at being sexy than her Transformers predecessor Megan Fox .
[ 122 ] Buckingham himself provides evidence that he slept in the same bed as the King, writing to James many years later that he had pondered: "whether you loved me now ... better than at the time which I shall never forget at Farnham, where the bed's head could not be found between the master and his dog".
[1] And Abimelech the son of Jerobaal went to Sichem to his mother' s brethren and spoke to them, and to all the kindred of his mother' s father, saying: [2] Speak to all the men of Sichem: whether is better for you that seventy men all the sons of Jerobaal should rule over you, or that one man should rule over you?
A better "Kaleidoscope" -- as much as I like Sarah Lane, Gillian Murphy was smoother, and the rapport with Steifel was immeasurably better than Lane and Cornejo.
1 Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and to them that are secure in the mountain of Samaria, the notable men of the chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel come! 2 Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great; then go down to Gath of the Philistines: are they better than these kingdoms?
3:30 PM, CBS, #1 Alabama at Arkansas -Don't believe what the pollsters tell you: Arkansas is better than "unranked."
1971 Moto-Ski Bullet 800 Hirth - Randy Derfler, Dawson Creek, British Columbia Randy did an amazing job bringing this unique and ultra rare Bullet back to better than new condition.
1,248 cc DDIs engine borrowed & shared with Fiat is a class leading peppy engine producing good power & healthy torque much better than the likes of Ford Figo, Nissan Micra and Renault Pulse.
13 is way better than 12. Rtts is enhanced, the scouting is a lot better in franchise, and oh yeah, I get to play games online.
2. Google voice search is faster (peobably because "Siri searches for answers using direct data sources before performing a web search") while Siri is better for certain popular search categories like movies or restaurants by "presenting more relevant results in a cleaner format" (more here )
2-4 These silicone hydrogel (SH) materials transmit significantly greater amounts of oxygen than conventional poly(2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate)-based materials 4,5 and their physiological performance, both on an overnight and daily wear basis, is substantially better than that seen with older materials.
"A Dog's Life" is better, a sort-of ballad with a lovely vocal melody over a simple acoustic guitar line, of course augmented with dissonant, strident cellos and given a whacky mid-section.
13 Reasons Why Momentum is Better Than Other Michigan Web Designers Do You Make These Common Web Design Mistakes?
1 lb ground beef 1 lb ground pork 2 eggs 1 medium green bell pepper, diced 1 medium sweet onion, diced 1-2 c of your fav BBQ sauce (some people use ketchup, but IMO, BBQ sauce is better...) 1/2 c bread crumbs 1/4 c milk 1 tsp garlic powder 1 tsp onion powder 1 tsp black pepper 1 tsp salt 2 tsp hot sauce of your choice (Tabasco or Louisiana work well)
Access content, templates and turnkey tools that -Are simple and easy-to-use -Help you avoid "recreating the wheel" -Free up time that is better spent focusing on clients -Are created by CPAs and experts in firm practice management
[0197] If the sign bit extracted by the sign-bit extractor 106 is negative, this indicates that the confidence level as to the correctness of the soft data bit from the output port of the I/O unit 92 is better than the confidence level as to the correctness of the soft data bit from the output port of the I/O unit 82.
16. Abu Hurayra reported that the Messenger of Allah, (PBUH), said, "It is better for one of you to take a rope and carry firewood on his back than for him to go to a man to beg from him who then gives to him or refuses to." [Agreed upon]
About Sauder, UBC as a university is very well reputed (much better than York) and it is ultimately the best B school on the west coast (opportunities in Vancouver and Calgary are open for you - companies there would prefer you any day over grads from the East Coast B Schools).. Quality of faculty and program at Sauder is also very good..
1) When I am shooting something really far away and would have to crop my images really severely, say 150-200% to get a decent image, then the TC is better because the base image does not do so well when cropped above 150%, and
18:49:21 ... the full-color version... 18:50:17 ... LOD cloud has more than 31B triples, millions of links 18:50:30 ... some do the linking better than others 18:50:45 ... Govts are ones who actually don't do a great job inter-linking 18:51:10 ... bhyland gives tour of the LOD cloud... 18:51:52 Slide: Open Govt Data Camp 18:52:28 ... map of world, showing highlights of attendance 18:52:37 Open Government Data Camp 2011 attendees: 41 countries (18%).
Actually, gravity is better explained as warped space and the actual movement of things (let's say planets) is just the movement across that bent or warped fabric of space (yea, space/time).
10 Movies Better than Shawshank Redemption
39960 NEW RIVER BUILDABLE LAND CANT BE BETTER THAN THIS! ALL EXCLUSIVE COMMON AREA ACCESS TO NEW RIVER W/EXPANSIVE ONE MILE OF COMMON AREA DONE IN COMPLETE LUXURY FROM A TO Z WITH AFFORDABLE PRICING.
Add Monty Williams to the list of coaches better than Karl, he will fit in nicely between Mike Brown and whoever it is coaching the wizards right now.
30:47 - There is an echo here of Laban's death: it is better that one soul should perish, etc.
9. The price to remove a hazard is half of So the price is better matched to the benefits; the cost of a residential block in that a high-end property should pay more to remove district, times the total number of a hazard.
1. Acne is much better than before my first course, just not where I would like it to be.
According to BBC News - "Popular Indian cars fail crash tests" - the current Figo and VW Polo body structure held up way better than a similar Hyundai or Suzuki.
According to the tourism director, Dagmar "Kitty" West, "who better than Tim Gunn, the epitome of metrosexuality, to entice young, culturally sophisticated men to the city?"
A blood clot ended her life, a blood clot to her heart, always found some irony in that, her heart was the one thing she always had, it was full of love, pride and hope for her children, the hope that their lives would turn out better than hers.
1.Even Better Than The Real Thing (Remix Version) 2.The Fly 3.Mysterious Ways 4. Until The End Of The World 5. I Will Follow 6. Get On Your Boots 7. I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (With "The Wanderer" snippet) 8. Stay (Faraway, So Close!) (Acoustic Version) 9. Beautiful Day (With "Space Oddity" snippet) 10.
A Bobcats loss in the Land of Disney meant that, roughly mid way through the third quarter, the Knicks were looking at no better than the seventh seed, and a first round tango with the Heatles.
4. Mix the scooped-out potato with a little bit of sea salt (better than regular salt), brown sugar, a few pinches of ground black pepper, a few slivers of butter, 1 Tablespoon milk, 3 Tablespoons non-fat Greek yogurt.
1) a drill (I found that a high-powered fast corded drill worked better than my cordless drill) 2) a small old fan with plastic blades  3) 2x plastic cups with snap on lids 4) 6" 1/4 threaded carriage bolt 5) 3x 1/4 nuts 6) 1/4 wingnut 7) rubber cement and Bestine rubber cement thinner 8) homemade rubber cement stirring rod (fits in drill) 9) hacksaw (not pictured below): rubber washers or furniture sliders and a hot glue gun
After all, PG-13-rated films do loads better than R-rated films in the box office because of the wider audience net they're able to cast.
1/2 onion chopped 3 - 4 cups baby portabellas, sliced 2 T water 1-1/2 t Vegetable Better than Bouillon (or Organic Veggie broth) 1-1/2 C water 3 C UNSWEETENED Almond milk (or soy, or rice, whatever you have/prefer) 1 T dried Rosemary (can add more it you like) 1/2 t basil (or more to taste) 1/2 t dried, rubbed sage 1/4 t turmeric (just for color) dash of curry powder dash of cayenne (for heat) Pepper to taste 1-1/2 T of non-GMO cornstarch
Actually, we all knowed diff'rent, that the town is better now, but old folk don't like change much.
0851 The Rebuilding Trust in Business Leadership session is under way... Eckhard Cordes, chief executive of the major German retailer Metro, wants to remind politicians that they are not better than businessmen at running companies - appreciative as business is for their help "when the house was burning".
About a week later at a family gathering I was talking to my 15 year old cousin who told me she was reading the books the film was based on and said they were brilliant - better than the film, so the next day I brought all four books...And that was it I was hooked.
Aardman are back, and better than ever It's hard to believe that Shaun The Sheep is only Aardman's fourth stop motion feature film.
2) I guess a native binary blob is slightly better than a MS coded binary blob.... but frankly, it's still just a binary blob.
1U Energy Effiecient Server : 1U Intel Atom 330 Dual Core (Better than a Pentium 4 3Ghz) 2GB DDRII RAM PC2-5400 RAM 250GB SATAII Hard Drive 16MB Cache 1U 250W Seasonic PSU No Rails Included £350 Built
74 - Derrick Favors 74 - J.J. Hickson 73 - Patrick Patterson 73 - Chuck Hayes 72 - Tyrus Thomas 72 - DaJuan Blair 71 - Brandon Bass 71 - Lamar Odom 71 - Al Harrington 71 - Anthony Randolph 71 - Tyler Hansbrough 71 - Jason Maxiell 70 - Mareese Speights 70 - Darrell Arthur 70 - Udonis Haslem 70 - Jason Thompson 70 - JaJuan Johnson 70 - Epke Udoh - Better than Drew Gooden?
5) William Petersen as Stud Cantrell - Petersen is better known for his role as Gil Grissom in the TV series CSI, but in 1987 he portrayed minor league player/manager Stud Cantrell in the movie Long Gone .
__________________ 1996 Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4 Fully Loaded, Black, 5.2L V8 K&N with 'high-flow' exhaust....sounds better than a 5.9
After dealing with a bout of cancer & having visions of an early departure from this life,i impetuously married a "Taxigirl"in many ways i have hit the jackpot!Profound loyalty are a couple of words that come to mind, the only downside this can be a bit stifling but hey its lightyears better than what was on offer back home.
About 4% of people with pancreatic cancer carry mutations in the BRCA gene, which is better known for its connection to breast cancer.
1885), which is better suited to society pages or the throwaway yarning of modern-day tabloids, dredges up the "secret" of Mr. Newberry's death seventeen years before.
(15:39) There was too much shenanigans going on for this to be better than the Judgment Day match, but it was still good.
4. In Violence Renounced , there are two articles with a Girardian perspective on Hebrews: "Sacrificial Language in Hebrews: Reappraising René Girard," by Michael Hardin , pp. 103-119; and "'A Better Sacrifice' or 'Better than Sacrifice'?
17 These words, which are in the future tense, are rendered by some, agreeably to the custom of Scripture, in the imperative mood;   18 but it is better to view them as denoting what is future.
140 Great White Snark 2 weeks, 2 days ago re: #97 Testy Toad T I never said boundless, I said better than batteries.
9) He and Suzanne kept talking about how the Broadway version of "Mama Mia" was so much better than the movie version.
54 THE TURKS AND EUROPE " The British Government can realise better than any other Power the disastrous consequences that would necessarily follow throughout Islam on the downfall of the Ottoman Empire and any blow struck at its vital parts, especially at its capital, the universally revered eeat of the Khilafat, where the best works of Moslem civilisation have been gathered for centuries.
6. Evolutionary supports are derived from arbitrary and pick a box morphological and genomic homology that changes like the wind and biased algorithmic magic that is no better than any algorithmic magic a creationists can provide.
23.                        Jason Isbell, Something More Than Fine - Arguably better than last year's album, even though Isbell tries to add more tales of love and lasting redemption.
10 Men are Better than One One of the most talked about aspects of the 2004 version was the addition of 10-man motion-capture technology.
3C flaps measuring 14.25 " from stirrup bar to bottom and fifteen " across Integrated panels SE02 Seat deep The softest grippiest leather you could hope for 4.5 " dot to dot tree Absolutely beautiful and so comfortable better than new, perfectly lightly broken in Serial number reads SE02 175 TR 3C PL PA 305 RT 14 34634.
1 He is right in saying that Atkins v Virginia 2 and Thompson v Oklahoma 3 fit the modernization model better than Roper v Simmons 4 or Kennedy v Louisiana .
[0092] Contrary, the intensity or the amplitude of a nonlinear wave is better to be exploited in focus since it is in this case that it brings the highest accuracy for estimating the position of a nonlinear emitter.
2009 Monthaven Chardonnay Central Coast is at least better than the 2008.
4) No. 11 Kentucky is coming off of an embarrassing road loss at LSU. Missouri, who is better at home, just picked up a win at Arkansas.
22) - Build on that strong new foundation that you recently laid, because its prospects for long-term success look better than anything else you have going.
22. The article of claim 21 that exhibits salt stress crack behavior when tested according to ASTM D1693 that is better than an article comprising a comparison composition comprising the polyamide that does not contain the ionomer with a mixture of zinc cations and sodium or lithium cations.
According to a "Green Winners" analysis by A.T. Kearney, companies that have made a legitimate, long-term commitment to -- that is, the practice of using human and natural resources today with an eye to making sure they thrive into the future -- have been faring better than their tactically focused peer groups in 16 out of 18 industries.
1998 was the only season during La Russa's tenure when the Cardinals played better than .500 in September but remained home in October.
A flawless theatrical style is more the point of this production, whose success is better measured by its fluid interpolation of Katherine Dunham dance poses with the wide-eyed grimaces and jerky movements of a Mary Pickford silent movie.
1. My father treated his adopted mother, who passed away in 2003, way better than any of my uncles and aunts treated my grandmother.
-Abraham Lincoln BEST PRESIDENT EVA is Republican - Republican sounds better than Democratic to me -Elephant is kooler than donkeys guys... XD -(For Medals) Red is cooler to me because I have empress, and one colour to rule tem all
18:8 Why if your hand or your foot offend you, cut them off, and cast them from you: it is better for you to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.
A 2011 joint position statement from the International Society for Clinical Densitometry (ISCD) and the International Osteoporosis Foundation (IOF) includes the official position that FRAX with BMD predicts risk of fracture better than clinical risk factors or BMD alone.
100% made entirely in the USA, VaporFi 's e-cigs may not be better than V2 Cigs but they're still pretty good.
1. BMW because I wanted a rear wheeled drive car that handled better than 90% of all the cars out there.
4) you really bombed out with that salad (lol), the fillet of beef is often better than any restaurant.
2. In politics, each one seems to prove that they are better than the others.
A dark horse is better than a politi cal zebra.
Aesthetically designed Ralph Lauren Polo Shirts Hawaiian flowers, tropical fish, and surf scene is better than neutral color to make use of pants, shorts and skirts.
[ 10 ] The short flight duration of barely 30 minutes - only somewhat better than the even shorter 7.5-minute flight duration of the faster-flying Me 163B rocket fighter - was due to only having a single 695-litre (183 US gallon) capacity flexible-bladder fuel tank in the fuselage directly under the engine's intake.
3 Now, O LORD, take away my life, for it is better for me to die than to live.
About 12 years ago, butt/hip pain - did not radiate, but was very painful to sit - i would kneel at my desk at work by the end of the day - it felt better than sitting.
51. New York Giants The pick: Steve Smith , WR, USC Scouts take: The Giants couldn't have done much better than getting Smith here.
2. Alien (Ridley Scott) - The vision of Scott was absolutely genius, and the film still holds up better than most science fiction/horror films of today.
After all, how would a rocketship be better than "sons and daughters"?
208-762-1401, 208661-0227 WAREHOUSE/OFFICE, better than a garage or storage unit, this large 1200 sq ft space has heat, cat 5, phone, large 14'x14' overhead insulated door, convenient northside location at Pittsburg/Lyons, $399/month.
A chance encounter with Pete in the final chapter influences Alex to realize that he grows bored with violence and recognises that human energy is better expended on creation than destruction.
21. Rate the conceptsSelection ConceptsCriteria A B C D E (Reference)1 0 + 0 + +2 0 0 0 + 03 + 0 0 0 +4 - + 0 + +5 - + 0 - + Concept Screening MatrixA relative score of: better than (+), same as (O), worse than (-)
#1 pine usually does look better than #2 because it has a tighter grain and is more likely to be cut from the center portion of the tree.
8) The ultimate authority is no better than the chief operator below who promotes the respect due him, protects his reputation, and preserves his dignity even when he doesn't deserve it.
25 is everything we want our yesterday to remember, that our mistakes are what have made us even better than ever.
After all, if you spend time working out a nice flight plan and log (or download it from a computerized flight planning system), your time is better used if the route you plan is the route you are actually going to get -- or at least close to it.
19 Why is viewing the stock market as a complex adaptive system better than the other two approaches?
A couple people asked why I think Silverlight is better than Ajax.
4K footage is four times better than 1080p, and offers a glimpse of the future, as consumers look forward to the technology that will be common in the years to come.
Abu Huraira reported: The Messenger of God, peace and blessings be upon him, said:"No servant should say that I am better than Jonah son of Mata."
22) - This is a better-than-usual day for working out troubling agreements, arrangements or contracts that have been hanging fire.
$23 at Advance after tax - better than having to do this a 3rd time.
1 cup Pastry Flour (make sure it is vegan friendly) 2 cups of oats (instant is better) 1 tsp cinnamon (or more if you love the taste!:) 1/2 tsp baking soda 1/4 tsp baking powder 1/2 tsp Sea salt 2 Super, super ripe bananas (the more brown dots the better!) 1 Tbsp of Agave Nectar or Maple Syrup 1 1/2 tsp Vanilla extract 1/8 Almond extract 1/4 cup of coconut oil 1/4 cup unsweetened coconut flakes 1/4 cup raisins 1/4 cup of walnuts (optional)
A. Consult with subject matter experts B. Add an additional web server to the environment C. Add additional memory to the hardware under test D. Change your run time settings and return the scenario Q. NO.- 42: Which scenario run is recommended to set the run time settings to Standard Logging? A. Debug B. Full Load C. Top Time D. Scalability Q. NO.- 43: You are analyzing the results for a Debug run and realize that response times are better than SLAs.
A chance to transcend our mere mortality to blazing immortality with nothing more required other than the willingness to share in the belief of the rightness of our cause, and of the need to draw this line in these sands of time, and to make a stand here and now in order that we may pass along to the generations to come something better than that which we now hold.
1. "Better Than Your Mother": The Luxury Product 2. Managing Autonomy 3. Games, Control, and Skill 4. Recasting Hierarchy 5. Reciprocity, Relationship, and Revenge 6. Producing Entitlement Conclusion: Class, Culture, and the Service Theater
3 But the people said, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou be ready to succour us out of the city.
[ 2 ] Giants GM George Young predicted before the draft that he would be better than NFL legends such as Dick Butkus : "Taylor is the best college linebacker I've ever seen.
8 He is to be called George; & I believe I have pleasant associations with that name from formerly playing with your Boy.- 9 I hope M rs Henslow is better.
8 :06 PM Becky and I have enjoyed Ethiopian food from Los Angeles to Chicago to Dallas to Addis Ababa, but no food tasted better than the meal we enjoyed this evening at the Abyssinia Restaurant in Raleigh.
[26] Its study fulfils its purpose even if it only makes us wiser, without producing books, and gives us the gift of historical thinking, which is better than historical learning.
After an extended period of slowly building a core group of admirers, from indie rock fans to admirers of vintage 1960s UK pop music, to bored critics looking for anything better than the latest bunch of Williamsburg freak-folkers, Hawley's warm, unassuming music found its way to a considerably larger audience in his home country, thanks in large part to the aggressive release of six singles by label Mute Records, and especially his nomination for the 2006 Mercury Prize.
2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Does not Does not meet Cannot be Better than Designated area meet primary secondary classified national standards standards standards ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- National Capital Interstate AQCR--District of Columbia ............ ............ ............ X portion................................................ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [[Page 107]] District of Columbia-Carbon Monoxide ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Designation Classification Designated area ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Date \1\ Type Date \1\ Type ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Washington Area: Washington Entire Area............ Attainment ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\ This date is November 15, 1990, unless otherwise noted.
96 points "The 1998 Chateauneuf du Pape Cuvee Laurence, the finest example of this offering I have yet tasted (even better than the 1989, 1990, and 1995), spent four years in small barrels prior to being bottled unfiltered.
After 35 years of playing guitar, he decided it was time to craft guitars that would feel, play and look better than anything anyone has ever played before - thus Virgil Guitars was born!
(1.2 seconds off Rossi's best) to end up 12th, two spots better than Suzuki's Kenny Roberts Jr. Roberts' teammate John Hopkins finished the day 17th.
16 So yes, I'd be the first person to say that PRs are 17 sometimes unreliable as a source of truth, but in that 18 instance they're probably better than nothing.
Abbas mined NASA's huge repository of footage from the Saturn-orbiting Cassini spacecraft to create a short that manages to capture the eerie emptiness of the cosmos in 2 minutes better than any Discovery Channel special ever could.
1/2 inch groups at 100 and it will do better than that. 2 hogs and a deer this yr and I hitem were I wanted too every time.
1. Special software for South America 2. IKS and SKS 3. HDMI + VDF + LAN 4. open nagra2 free Azclass S1000 HD decoder upgrade with WIFI and IKS open nagra3 decoder better than azfox z2s AZCLASS S1000 is the super digital satellite receiver
2. Belichick, whether or not he is better than any other coach, present or past, or whether or not he is more right than wrong, even overwhelmingly so, in fact does make mistakes.
2. Fantasy football - because it's better than the actual product the NFL produces anymore.
3. In the tradition of Real Housewives lavish parties, Melissa Gorga throws a birthday party for daughter Antonia, complete with two bouncy houses, a cotton candy and popcorn stand, a temporary tattoo artist and a dessert table that's far better than any Bar Mitzvah we've attended.
According to King Sturge's Andrew Burrell, the commercial real estate markets of South America, Asia and eastern Europe are fairing better than the industry in the UK..............................................Full Article: Source
"A 2-year-old flash-frozen salmon that was handled well is better than a 5-day-old fresh salmon from the farm," he said.
1365 I believe that there are more opportunities for the coalfield communities under the Conservative Government, not just because we have looked after the coal industry far better than the Labour Party did, but because the economy is sound.
3.290x supports amd mantle api means all upcoming frostbite based titles will run much better than any possible GK110 core even comparing titan ultra(rumored) 4. some sources r saying mantle will be integrate in 4 more engines including the best cryengine next .
Absurd, and usually yr columns are pretty good - so much better than yr TV spouting, which makes me think someone else writes the columns Didnt the good sisters tell you not to fib? (Between swats with their 12-inch rulers) AMDG - charley caruso Why not compare Pinochet with the Israeiis who've killed many thousands to maintain their fading pariah state, also US-supported.
[0222] The results in Table 15-2 indicate that TfuLip2 demonstrates dose-responsive cleaning performance in 0.6 g/L Ariel Color Liquid detergent at all temperatures ranging from 15° C. to 40° C. The best performance is achieved with the high dose of enzyme at 40° C. At 30° C. and 40° C., the cleaning performance achieved with TfuLip2 in the presence of 0.6 g/L Ariel Color Liquid detergent is substantially better than that with TfuLip2 in the absence of detergent.
#1. Hands down: Better Facebook Fixer (I'm posting links to SEARCH, because sometimes, something comes along that is better, for example, I WAS using just "Facebook Fixer", but because of searching for the plugin again [after an insane computer crash], I found BETTER Facebook Fixer) Better Facebook fixer does a couple of amazing things:
1. (N/A) Stan Musial Not as good as Ted, better than anyone else since at least Gehrig if not Ruth.
-109- p338: The object of these people who play tennis with such concentration of mind, such bodily activity, is to boast before their friends that they have played better than someone else.
Abu Hurayrah said, "It is better for one's ears to be filled with molten lead than to hear the Call to Prayer without answering it."
a french or spanish animated music video...about a guy who thinks the moon is better place then earth so he makes a rocket n gos to the moon...its a sad but nice song.please
[0024] It is reported by Senthilkumar and Gunasekaran in 64 Journal of Scientific and Industrial Research 845˜853 (November 2005) that pyruvate decarboxylase and alcohol dehydrogenase genes from Z. mobilis were transformed into Lactobacillus casei by means of an expression vector based in part on Lactococcus lactis, which resulted in the production of ethanol in fermentation at a rate better than the parental Z. mobilis.
[12] In his years as Caretaker , Filch learned all about the Castle's secret passageways and hidden doors better than anyone but the Weasley twins and the Marauders.
Additionally, gamers in Japan invariably favor the Sony console over anything from the West, but despite all this, we were hoping for something better than a 1 year abandonment by Microsoft (which includes countries like India, Singapore, Malaysia, etc.)
1. Create a Great Product: This falls under the category of "common sense, but not common practice," but your offering has to be better than the competition's.
A 2009 report by Gregory Elliehausen of the George Washington School of Business seconded the Federal Reserve study, noting that payday loans, while often costly, are "better than the alternatives."
34. Start of a Clement Moore classic : 'TWAS The poem "A Visit from St. Nicholas" was published anonymously in 1823, and is better known today by its first line "'Twas the night before Christmas".
A better-than-average, gravity-defying ninja duel leads to an epic chase -- by leaps, swings and ziplines -- through the Himalayas in the big set-piece sequence of G.I. Joe: Retaliation .
1. Instead of taking positive action and doing the hard work necessary to elect strong conservative candidates in the primaries, whine about how the Republicans aren't any better than the Democrats.
86% Sound/Music - A little better than run-of-the-mill.
4. Charlie Bennett, C. Having been the biggest FOCB, sorry to see him drop a little, but his offense wasn't really THAT much better than Jack Clements.
1. Special software for South America 2. IKS and SKS 3. HDMI + VDF + LAN 4. open nagra2 free Azclass S1000 HD digital satellite receiver better than azfox s2s AZCLASS S1000 is the super digital satellite receiver.
01/17/2013 - Hubband Absolutely better than the run-of-the-mill Mexican restaurant.
17.5 yard per catch average, and 1,681 yards (33% of total passing yards) which contributed to his QB's 5,038; Pettigrew amassed 777 (15%), Burleson 757 (15%) - that's already close to 4,000 yards alone and Johnson has already eclipsed the teams second best WR by better than a 2:1 mark.
23) News-related terms in subject lines perform fair but better than discount-related terms.
04:57 2. you have that money you're #1 on youtube, you have merchandise, stfu you can pay them yourselves 04:57 i forgot about that lol 04:57 Everybody knows the only gamer I can sit through without shooting myself is Jontron..Sure he reviews them and doesn't really play them but its better than PEWDIEpie 04:57 temm 04:57 Tobuscus is a hack in my opinion 04:58 Egoraptor.
1. Ray Brown -- great negro league pitcher 2. Buck Leonard -- great negro league first baseman 3. Billy Herman -- underrated great second sacker 4. Jake Beckley -- still convinced that he belongs 5. Mule Suttles -- great negro league slugger 6. Red Ruffing -- better than WS suggests 7. George Van Haltren -- the 1890s star I'm supporting 8. John Beckwith -- probably a great player 9. Earl Averill -- with pcl and wwii credit 10.
After Hughley charged that Bush "has spent, and the Republican Party have spent, the last five years making us ignorant and afraid," he mockingly suggested that the "J.J." character, from the 1970s sit-com Good Times, "could run the country better than this guy!"
1) I doubt he's THAT pissed at Yzerman, he's not a friggin teenaged girl 2) Even if they do want to move him, they can't get something better than a good 3rd line rental for him?
2. We actually get to see some real fight scenes, and even though there's no blood and it's all very PG, at least it's not just "There was a battle going on but then A Rather than spend this review explaining what I thought of the book, I will instead devote my time to justifying placing this on my "the movie is better" shelf.
A big financial commitment (at least for me)...but I justified it to myself by crossing my fingers and whispering to myself three times...."glass holds resale a lot better than cameras" just in case said daughter had outfoxed me and did decide to quit...which said daughter has been known to do.....
According to Warners, the improved "Borrowed" take on Mother's Day came from better-than-usual upticks throughout most of California.
About Harbhajan, i think our Ranji Teams' batsmen play spin better than the International Players in England.
... After all, I've actually read a post in another forum where a guy actually believed that Bleach, Hunter X Hunter, and Naruto were some of the best out there, and (this is what really got me) better than Berserk.
"A community is better off if farm-to-fork includes folks who struggle to put nutritional food on the table," Young said.
1970's car chase movies are so much better than modern car chase movies because they really did the stunts you see up on the screen.
A B C-The evolution of culture, and - their children the expectation thathuman beings as a species they will perform better than thedepended about pupils believe they are capable of.-Pupils
According to a study published in the Guardian , headlines with 8 words performed 21% better than average.
1996 - Dole/Kemp over Clinton/Gore 2000 - Clinton/Gore over Dole/Kemp 9/11 still happens ... War in Afghanistan still happens ... War in Iraq doesn't happen 2004 - Kemp/Giuliani over Gore/Leiberman Hurricane Katrina handled much better than before 2008 - Kemp/Giuliani over Kerry/Richardson 2009 - Kemp dies in office and Giuliani becomes President
2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo , 125000 Miles, The Jeep Grand Cherokee is an icon among sport utility vehicles and this latest-generation version is far better than older models.
1.Toyota Camry- perfect,flawless car.Luxurious ride,quiet cabin,good fit and finish with quality materials.Infact the ride is much much better than expensive luxury sedans like BMW,Mercedes.
After being a Horsemen for nearly a year, Lex Luger knew better than anyone else that no one got a fair shake when dealing with Ric Flair.
1.JOINTS/BLUNTS: The bathroom maybe the easiest place to not get caught smoking but it is the most suspicious, I find the best way of smoking in the bathroom is to tell whoever you are trying to hide the smoke from that you are having a shower, this should clear up suspicions in the long run, it's better than them coming up and saying "XXXXXXXX what are you doing in the bathroom" and smelling the smoke.
According to "The Coffee Pot Wars," an essay by Annette Bernhardt, Laura Dresser and Eric Hatton in the new Russell Sage Foundation study of low-wage work, the median hourly wage of the American hotel dishwasher in 2000 was $7.45 - a little better than the housekeeper's $7.09.
1 However, the story of Invisible Man and its genesis is better told in Lawrence Jackson's impressive Ralph Ellison: Emergence of Genius . 2
1 cup regular flour 1 cup whole wheat flower 1/2 cup raw cane sugar (for some reason this tastes better than more finely milled sugar) 1 tsp salt 1.5 tsp baking powder
1) It will not be as epic as the self-titled, since the compositions wont be as strong, or as diverse and large 2a) It will be much more solo/virtuoso oriented 2b) There will be a lot more jazz-fusion elements 3) The feelings of the songs will be consistent throughout, as opposed to the first, which had a very diverse sound from song to song 4) Real drums are a lot better than fake drums 5) Navene Koperweis is sick
Adderall 30mg Which Generic Brand Is Better 166 Replies RSS Is the round pink 30 mg adderal generic name Sandoz/Eon with the markings of CDR 136 on one side more or less effective than the oval orange 30 mg adderal generic name Barr/Teva with the markings of b974 on one side and 30 on the other side?
9. Bill Monroe (6) - Still not convinced he was better than Grant or Johnson, but I am confident he should be ranked near the Thompson level.
2006 Twisted Oak River of Skull Mourvèdre (pictured far right): What says Halloween better than a blood-red skull?
1. India is only like 70 years old - when the U.S. was 70 white men were fighting about slavery while oppressing everyone else - they are doing far better than the U.S. ever will.
1. Resistance to rot and insect damage / intrusion 2. Nice clean, professional and inviting appearance 3. Ease of installation, especially given lots of outlet boxes, etc. 4. Cost 5. Thickness -- thinner is better.
[8] And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live.
7. Judy Johnson--significantly better than Pie Traynor, in my opinion--Johnson had a longer career, was a better fielder, and I think they were about equal at the plate.
About a fortnight, at the close of which she pretended that she had fits, and could not con tinue any longer in my service, so she went away, but said she had got a place which she approved of much better than her present one I look'd about and missed two necklaces, as mentioned in the indictment, and likewise a mourning ring, concluding she had taken them away from out of my room, for being my house-maid she had access to the place where they were put.
Advanced Technologies Group, Inc. proposes the development of a Liquid-Oxygen Mass Gauge, (LMG) for In-Space cryogenic storage capable of continuous monitoring of liquid quantities to better than 1% ...
Advocates say Franklin County is "doing better than most" in dealing with domestic violence, largely because of a network of free help for victims to address their legal, emotional and physical needs.
6) The Super Bowl Ratings were the greatest of all time, as expected, and with the Pro Bowl scoring higher than it has in a long time, the NFL is looking better than ever.
1. PURPLE GRAIL INTRO 2. TOM FORD 3. HOLY GRAIL 4. LA FAMILIA 5. F_CKWITHMEYOUKNOWIGOTIT FEAT RICK ROSS 6. BEACH IS BETTER 7. PURPLE GRAIL WEAKSTYLE 8. PART II (ON THE RUN) FEAT BEYONCE 9. SUNSHINE CHOPNOTSLOP REMIX 10.
2. As with Sandy Bridge, we expect the retail stepping to clock slightly better than the ES samples but as always your mileage will vary.
affront plays better than reconciliation.
2. It's time to scrap trial by jury When it comes to meting out justice, Americans deserve better than "any system too stupid to convict Casey Anthony," says Michael Graham in the Boston Herald .
After a long IRC chat with with febbraro, ezra-g and webchick we decided option A is better.
1.6 [--] Cagney and Lacey: BETTER THAN EQUAL 29-Apr-82 CBS Thur Guest Cast: Julie Adams ... Helen Granger T.J. Castronova ... Mr. Aparicio John Walter Davis ... Mike Walker Johnny Haymer ... The Interviewer Sylvia Walden ... Mrs. Walker Cagney and Lacey are assigned to protect a feminist, only not a Gloria Steinem type, but a Phyllis Schlafy type.
10. Life in Southeast Asia in the seventeenth century was probably better than it was in other parts of Asia during the same time period because: (Points: 5) the region had a very cool climate.
18...Re7 19.Ne3 Nh5 20.Bb2 Bxb2 21.Rxb2 Rg7 22.Rb3 Bd7 23.Rb7 Qf6 24.Rb6 Bc8 White claims an advantage because his pieces have more space and coordinate better than black's.
[ 55 ] [ 56 ] His record of consecutive Premier League appearances ended at 164 (five better than previous record-holder David James ) on 28 December 2005, when he sat out a match against Manchester City due to illness.
16" Wheel Felt Heretic BMX 09 spec £90 collected - used but not much, daughter switched away from street, not as new but for a kids bike in much better than average condition and better made, scrapes on forks and to top of brake levers - no idea why.
11 A.M.-3 P.M., Monarch Day, Kaufman Mall - Monarch Pride Day on Kaufman Mall is bigger and better than ever.
A crossover trial found that fluoxetine (20 mg/d) as well as amitriptyline (25 mg/d) were better than placebo in a number of outcome measures in patients with FMS.
12. John Davies - Better than you might think.
Active lifestyle sounds appealing, in fact it's a lot better than "sedentary old folks home"!
160; "perceive" isn't the right word there, I think)-then I must also declare that Valtat's command of English is better than many published Anglophone authors I could mention.
10. S. Leith, "Three Years After Recall, Coca-Cola Sales in Belgium Are Better Than Ever," Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Aug. 26, 2002.
11:00: Brenna does the Amanar again, with a step sideways, but it's better than last time.
Abraha then proceeded to attempt to divert their pilgrimage to his new cathedral and is reported to have appointed and sent a Muhammad Khuza'i to Mecca and the Hijaz as a king with a message that his church was both much better than their house of worship and purer, having not been defiled by the housing of idols.
Accordingly, when I perceived that the Pope had become no better than a vicious beast, my chief anxiety was how I could manage to withdraw from his presence.
2002 - Colossus 2003 - Nemesis Inferno 2006 - Stealth 2009 - Saw 2012 - The Swarm Apart from Nemesis which obviously there is no debate about I cant see another ride at Alton Towers which is better, I think Alton Towers recent additions and Thorpes are an indicator of the direction each park is going.
According to Kirk Misaka, chief financial officer and secretary at Zhone, the company expects the fourth quarter of 2011 to be better than the third quarter, citing international holidays as the reason for a weak third quarter.
2003 -- Won the Kip Bouknight Award as the team's top first year pitcher with a 5-0 record as a freshman ... Worked 40.1 innings in 12 appearances, eight starts ... Struck out 31, walked eight and ERA of 2.90 was second best on the squad ... Had better than a 3.0 grade point average both semesters of the 2002-03 academic year and was on the fall semester President's List.
