1. just because a newborn ends up in the NICU doesn't mean it is worse for the patient.
After all nothing is better than coming home from school on a friday night and shooting Taliban from 1000 yards away.
559.J Hill Says: August 30th, 2011 at 9:28 am Like you guys are ever going to get B to say that any place is better than his home town.
About Indianapolis, I have this show.. allthough in poor sound, it's like the Dayton afternoon show, and that is..better than College Park.
18. Distribution Index (nc) Update When c is better than p1 and p2 then the distribution index for the next generation is calculated as (6).
(4)in dissipation - for who can estimate the amount of valuable time that is worse than thrown away in the places of revelry and dissipation;
3. I know if miss one morning because I decide bed feels better than swimming, I will justify my next miss with I did it before and it was ok.
A DP and operator that moved in next to me said he'd "like to get into still photography because it's just one person's art and the money is better".
After having a son, I still continued to rebel, but God continue to woo me with His love and kindness to show me that His love is better than a man's love.
Actually, though, the Heinlein story probably is better known today because it inspired, consciously or otherwise, one of the most popular Star Trek episodes.
2:00PM: Tea on the Flying City Jared Axelrod hosts a tea party for the launch of his new podcast - AND, a giant, super secret annoucement, which is better than you think it is.
A conflict arises when more than one kind of thought process is known to influence an individual at the same point of time, and they are unable to decide which one is better than the other.
8. Power of 3 - - if the horse can stop the cow 3 times, the cow turns and leaves - work on teaching in sets of 3: try the request 3 times, if the 3rd is better than the first, put it away.
1) bush went after saddam because he wanted to get the man who tried to shoot his paw, to show he was better than his paw (he's never passed beyond cowboy movies in his personal development.)
2  So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
A community of "poor" people is better able to show solidarity with the poor and to point to the very heart of evangelization because it concretely presents the transforming power of the Beatitudes.
A coalition of groups opposed to the state's planned extension of the I-69 highway says the Indiana Department of Transportation's expected budget shortfall over the next ten years is worse than reported.
Adam Hernandez: I was there great game crowd was great to bad we couldn't close it out but a point is better than no point and disappointment wont make the panthers better on to the next one Go CATS GO!!!
1) Alway continue treatments as directed on the container, just because the visible stuff went away it doesn't mean the fish is better and if you stop as soon as the white fuzz goes away he will get sick again.
2. Justin Barcia Sends One For The Fans At Unadilla Justin Barcia is known for his inhuman abilities on a motorcycle, and at the Unadilla press day, he made sure to remind everyone why he is better than they are.
1 Not only in monotheistic western traditions, but also in eastern traditions, people want to ascend to a higher or better level in the hope that what is next or "up there" is better than what is now or "down here."
31.Leroy Braun - He is definitely better than his stats this season show, his first game was a 4:0 loss to Belenenses and his second was a 2:1 loss, but he is better than that and will get some more game time next season.
2) Denard is OK at QB now because of the lack of depth...but in the long run, he is better off...much better off as a Slot Receiver or Slash/Percy Harvin type...thats just the way it is for next year...anyone can see that.
1. Sampras - honestly, to see him play live, he didn't blow me away the way i had expected (possibly due to expectations being too high, or his efficiency being too high), but his record is better than anybody else's (n.b.
Additionally, because everyone is busy not paying attention to you, you are free to spam shadow bolts with your 5% multiplier on soul link, and your 5% multiplier on Felguard, which ends up being better than shadow mastery.
After a very sleepless night (I should have known better than to eat the creme brulee) some of it spent on the sofa because I didn't want to wake Jerry I climbed back in bed for about 30 minutes and finally got up around 6:30.
according to you, who thinks he knows the ropes better than anyone, if I disagree with your comment because I live within stones throw away from the rec, that equates to me campaigning, I wish I could write that kind of comedy.
Actually, Adelson is worse than either: his serious proposal for dealing with Iran is to drop a "demonstration" nuclear bomb in their desert, then follow it up with "the next one in the middle of Tehran" if they refuse to surrender.
After all, he's been releasing comedy music since before most music journalists have been alive, and part of the reason that he has been able to maintain his popularity decade over decade is because, quite frankly, no one does it better than him.
ABC's Splash concluded last night, and proved itself to be a surprisingly fun show-far better than the shitty one-off knock-off Fox churned out and aired first, and for me, more entertaining than Dancing with the Stars , perhaps because it was new.
#3: The fact that you WANT to take away the civil rights of a group of people just because you don't like them makes you no better than many of the authoritarian dictators throughout history, and therefore, I will close this post with an emphatic DIAF.
A cultist must constantly measure his/her superiority against the "others'" inferiority by repeating, over and over, "you" think this way because you are swept away by mass thinking, whereas I, the intellectual elite, know that exactly the opposite is better.
After having taken about a decade off from writing to pursue a career in film and then policing, Shepherd is back in the writing ring and intends to come out swinging with a high fantasy horror serial killer mystery novel, because if one genre is good, more is better.
A few other you tube clips only made my intrigue for this show grow; and I wouldn't say I created an exaggerated expectation for the quality of this movie, because in a way it was even better than I thought it would be, and by the end of both movies, I was blown away.
Actually Zephyrinus, Sylvester would like nothing better than for me to give up blogging, because then I could give him my undivided attention when he wants it... as it is, he often sits behind me while I type away, glaring at me until I stop and pay him some attention...
2 things the show needs to improve on are roster updates and player progression in franchise mode, these are both vary poor which is a big downside for me because my favorite part of all sports games is franchise mode, the shows gameplay is vary solid tho and much better than 2k
7. CHAPTER 1Build Muscle and Lose Fat by Eating Tasty, Nutritious FoodDieting to put on lean mass or strip away fat is SO much more pleasurable when you can enjoy yourfood.CHAPTER 2It's Time to Escape the Dreaded Diet TrapsNothing is worse than having to starve yourself to lose weight.
According to Chris McGinley, the prototype driver was made for Titleist Staff Member Jason Dufner, who has continued to use the company's three-year-old 910 D2 driver because of its higher launch and spin characteristics, which suit him better than Titleist's lower spinning 913 drivers.
ACS took all our troubles and worries away, from speaking to Daniel for the first time he was very understanding and put our minds to rest, the service is absolutely everything they promise, in fact it is better than promised it delivered and swiftly brought to a conclusion very swiftly.
2nd the grammys don't owe hip-hop but they should look outside and see that Hiphop is the new majority, I'm saying put them in a better spot with the Pop and Rock genres side by side because we are doing better than them anyways and it would be pretty stupid to put them in a pre-telecast.
3- In basketball many teams play home and away- if a team loses to a team on the road and that's taken into account it can make selections tricky- you can easily make the arguement a team is better than a team with a better record if you take location into play- it will get ugly potentially
after being put on hold for 15 minutes i was told that the dr did not 'do this' (evaluate my daughter feet) i was blown away, i cant believe he doesnt evaluate childrens' feet so i figured his staff is worse than useless so i decided to go somplace where i didnt have to overcome staff incompitence.
1. 'A table and rails are essential: they make for much easier browsing and you can often charge more if you have a tidy display.' 2. 'Always have a float of change - there's nothing worse than losing a sale because you can't break a 20.' 3. 'Don't bombard people as soon as they approach your table.
Add your review what a great short break we had, every year is better than the prevese one, the new barrier gates are a good idea, the site was very clean and enviting, the chalet was as i would have hoped it to be, (very clean and comfortable) well done to all the staff, hope to see you all next year.
After initial reactions, I'm not surprised, Ingham is more like Bruno and Chane-In some ways the open warfare approach is better because everyone can see, especially the fence sitters in CoE and forces the issue with those who still seem to be in a imaginary land where everything will just one day go away.
[ 5 ] Comparisons of life outcomes or well-being along the simple divorced/not divorced axis naturally always show poorer outcomes for the group that is composed entirely of children of unhappy families, demonstrating simply that being the child of happy parents is better than being the child of unhappy ones.
4.) Myself- Why because I wish, to study in America in the future and well of course get a masters in History research and eventually settle down in NJ or become a public school teacher(Yeah I know I am not very Asian as my writing mastery is usually better than my near non-existent math or scientific skills)
30mm tubes most likely caught on because they were "European" and associated with high quality scopes, or maybe the "more is better" mindset... American scope companies had to ofer 30mm tubes to compete -- but the smart buyer will check to make sure that the only feature of that 30mm tube scope, is not the 30mm tube.
2011 Seth MacFarlane: Swingin' in Concert (TV Movie) (performer: "The Night They Invented Champaign", "It's Anybody's Spring", "Two Sleepy People", "Anytime, Anywhere", "Music Is Better Than Words", "You're the Cream in My Coffee", "Something Good", "Love Won't Let You Get Away", "It's Easy to Remember", "You and I", "The Sadder But Wiser Girl")
AAMOI Feynman says he didn't score well because his language skills were poor at school, but I think we all agree that his language skills or at least his ability to convey meaning to science were far and away better than many scientists at an older age, thus you never stop improving your skills, but IQ becomes redundant a short time into adolescence?
2) Um ... I live around 500 meters away from a La Liga stadium ... if I want to see Busquets play I'll take my season ticket and go to the Barcelona game when they come to town ... watch him live, which is better than on tv or on edited YouTube video clips ... and yes, I have seen him play live numerous times and yes I have thought that he was over rated.
3/4 of a litre is a canny top up, me thinks you should check it more often and as a one off I wouldn't worry that much as the way I look at it any oil is better than no oil when push comes to shove, but as I said as a one off, as Lenny says next oil change put a flush in first and nice new filter and treat her to some nice correct oil, she will last longer.
11 - Your difficulties are worse than others , because you were deprived of the rank of the scholars - considering your legitimacy and merit -(These difficulties are) because administering the affairs of the society and conveying the ( religious ) rules must be done by scholars who truly believe in God and know what is permitted and what is forbidden by God.
1) Had I known there were no WMD, which I would have if I was the President, I would have left him in power because a contained non-islamist butcher not wanting to destroy the US is better than out-of-control lunatics chopping everybody's heads off, accumulating, joining forces in an what is now to become an Islamist state like Iran with the Sharia as its law.
