which is better camera?canon or nikon?
Canon can be a better customer than Nikon
IMHO they do a better job with Nikon than Canon.
Canon and Nikon are better than Sony and Pentax !
Canon EOS-1D X VS Nikon D4 - Which One is Better?
Nikon and Canon had better not get too complacent.
Will Nikon survive their decision better than Canon?
Don Zeck offers superior Canon / Nikon lens protection
And, the Nikon D800 IS MUCH BETTER than the Canon 5Dmark3.
"Nikon equipment for sale, because I am switching to Canon"
The Canon 7D and Nikon D7000 sell because of their brand name.
The picture is non much better than Canon SX200 or Nikon s710.
I did better with my Canon, but the Nikon is a little trickier.
I choose Nikon because I prefer it more than the Canon features.
And, the manual focus on Canon L lenses is superior to Nikon IME
I don't know if Nikon is in shambles and Canon is so much better.
i have nikon and from all i've seen, canon video works much better.
Nikon and Canon will have to offer better products at better prices.
Now the truth is that the Nikon D800 is better than the Canon 5Dmark3.
for years canon was raising MP and nikon was saying less MP are better.
I would own a canon 5d mkI or nikon d700 simply because it has no video.
Canon can get away with this only because Nikon isn't doing much, either.
Many many better cameras (not only Canon or Nikon) out there for lot less.
So, here's an example Canon build (only because I'm unfamiliar with Nikon):
Would that question be better asked in the appropriate Canon or Nikon forum?
Nikon and Canon lenses hold their value much better than third-party lenses.
Contrast: Tamron and Sigma were better than Canon and Nikon but all were OK.
Canon/Nikon is interested in high ISO because their professionals need them.
The Canon 1dx and 5d3 jpegs look so much better than Nikon d4 and d800 jpegs.
This for me would make it a way better hybrid than any Nikon or Canon offering.
Mythbusters - Canon 6D's AF is rebel-grade and certainly inferior to Nikon D6x0
The purpose of Nikon putting out an 800mm lens is simply because Canon has one.
I would stick with canon or nikon because they have the best selection of lenses.
I switched to Nikon because I do not like at all the marketing strategy of Canon.
If you like the Canon/Nikon, you should expect they make better products for you.
To say Sony has a small lens system is to say Canon has better video than nikon...
But they refused, because Canon and Nikon could refuse sending lenses for testing.
I have seen people prefer canon over nikon because of the way canon handles colors.
I switched to Canon because now Nikon is getting into mega pixel race Canon was in.
Canon company is rubbing his hands because they are gaining ground Nikon very fast.
In my opinion, Nikon cameras are better than Canon dslr cameras except D40 and D60.
Ultimately, we want to answer the question: which is better for you, Nikon or Canon?
Plus Nikon and Canon have a huge advantage because of their installed base of lenses.
Despite the better image quality of the Nikon system, I decided to go with the Canon.
This is because neither the PW or YN use exactly the same signalling as Canon & Nikon.
So far, I'd say the Nikon system worked better than the Canon AI Focus (I'm using 7D).
Canon, Nikon and LEICA don't let every store sell their cameras just because they ask.
Are the lenses more or less expensive Canon/Nikon (better yet, who has the best deals)
I shoot Canon because when I went to buy a camera the equivalent Nikon was out of stock.
Canon or Nikon seems to be the better choice than Sony Alpha 100, considering the noise.
Every time Nikon out performs Canon, it makes me feel a little better about my decision.
The results are better than the Canon 180mm and the 100mm and surpasses the Nikon 105mm.
So because Nikon haven't yet announced the new D800, you want to buy an old Canon model?
Nikon tends to have superior glass, while Canon seems to have more advanced electronics.
IMHO Nikon lenses have always been better than Canon and good lenses are the bottom line.
PRESS RELEASE: New Don Zeck Lens Cap Offers Superior Protection for Canon or Nikon Lenses
I love Nikon because the system feels better to me, but Canon makes a great product also.
Canon is also getting better, but I would not say they are ahead of Nikon in terms of QA.
Every manufactures of DSLRs can offer you something better: Pentax, Canon, Nikon or Sony.
Nikon and Canon dslr owners are fighting it out bashing each other who's the better system.
I was avoiding Nikon a few months ago because their lens are more money then the Canon lens.
I'd like to say it was because i liked Canon over Nikon, but for me it was simple economics.
Traditionally, Canon had the higher resolution while Nikon had better high ISO capabilities.
You'll see it change as you adjust it, far better than guessing as you do with Nikon and Canon.
The reason Canon and Nikon have got where they are is because they make some excellent cameras.
Although I'd buy a Nikon P&S just because my main camera is a Canon and I enjoy being contrary.
Let me repeat, the Oly twin lens kit is significantly better than the Canon or Nikon equivalent.
After all, Canon is much bigger enterprise than Nikon: They have far better engineers with PhDs.
The F/4 line is what Canon has done better but Nikon is only a 70-200 away from completing that.
We threw them into the mix just to see how much the Canon and Nikon lenses were better than them.
I have yet to find a better speed light TTL-BL situation than my Nikon (or Canon for that matter).
After I took this shot the photographer came over, looked at my Nikon and said, "Canon is better!"
As said before Canon have always been better priced than the Nikon so hopefully this will continue.
THE NIKON D800 HAS ALREADY PROVED TO BE BETTER THAN CANON 5Dmk3 and even better than the Phase one.
Even though I came from Nikon, with Nikon muscle memory, the Canon vertical grip just feels better.
Canon, in aggregate and on average, has better lenses than Nikon (in terms of sharpness, at least).
Sony cameras actually have better battery performance with similar size/sensor Canon/Nikon cameras.
All said, I wouldn't forgo the low-end DSLRs from Canon or Nikon because of any of these complaints.
I choose the Nikon because it came with two lens for the same price as the Canon with just one lens.
The call it "Canon Made" or "Nikon Made" because they use the original screens und just cut them out.
I skipped the 5d 5d2 D700 for this generation because of the minor upgrades (canon) and low mp (Nikon.
Canon and Nikon sit at the top only because the average consumer is aligned with the pro at the moment.
Even though I have a Canon 20D and love it, from all the reviews I've read, the Nikon D200 sounds better.
And have no experience with Canon, I don't know if they would to better thank Nikon about quality control.
There are a few radio triggers like Phottix which do have Nikon or Canon versions because they support TTL.
Just compare an A7 pro kit versus a Canon and Nikon pro kit, and its half the size and weight, and superior.
High ISO performance is also exceptional, superior to anything produced by Canon or Nikon at ANY price point.
Wait for the next versions which should have better AF, FPS, ISO for Canon and a higher resolution for Nikon.
Funny because he shoots Nikon DSLR and I shoot Canon DSLR, we need to trade point and shoots for consistency.
in the first place nikon produced better than canon in stills, and canon is better compared to nikon in video.
Technology goes so fast right now and there is still the big Nikon / Canon which-one-is-better "war" going on.
For Canon and Nikon respectives you're probably looking at the better part of $2000+ for 24-70 and 70-200 f2.8
Definitely spend a little time and money renting gear from both Canon and Nikon to see which suits you better.
It could have been worse, for Canon! they could have tested it on a current gen Nikon camera with a new sensor
Nikon has always made a great product as well, but I have always used Canon SLRs because of my lens collection.
If Canon or Nikon made a competitive CSC, the % would change dramatically, purely because of brand recognition.
Yes, try to invest the big bucks in glass and where possible go with the (usually better) Nikon or Canon glass.
I would surmise that the Nikon D800 would provide an even better print quality than the old Canon, wouldn't you?
Smaller than the Nikon and Canon 70-200 2.8 lenses, but sharper, crisper, more pop, better bokeh and better made.
I think Heather had a good point about being able to get help for a Canon or Nikon because they are more popular.
It is easier to find Canon to Nikon adaptors than Canon FD/EF adaptors, and without glass they work a lot better.
Quote: Both Canon and Nikon produce top quality lenses - neither manufacturer is universally better than the other
Canon decided not to just bring out a competitor, but hit Nikon hard with something better in terms of resolution.
THE ONE AND FUCKING ONLY THING NIKON HAS DONE BETTER THAN CANON FOR HOW MANY YEARS NOW??? (i.e. the 200-400 zoom?)
Imagine the Canon and Nikon teams examining the original RX100: oh, we can do better by offering an accessory EVF.
Nikon switched from DX to FX in their pro Dx line because Canon was winning with a bigger thingy in their cameras.
Now I have no comparison because I know only one person who has a Nikon but uses Zeiss glass - the rest uses Canon.
They think that making more, better, different, enhanced cameras are the answer to winning against Canon and Nikon.
Sigma actually helps Nikon by providing better lenses to Nikonians not to defect to Canon and this is another case.
I think the quality of the video clips is better with the Sony than the Nikon (haven''t checked out the Canon yet).
Not that Canon and Nikon dont make duds..they do but the QC/QA issues are far far fewer and the designs much better.
This is one subject I fear is more controversial than digital vs film, superman vs the hulk or worse canon vs nikon.
The SLR mount by Photojojo is a great product because it can fit a wide variety of SLR lenses, like Nikon and Canon.
I'm between cameras because my Nikon is too old and my Lumix just broke soooo... welcome Canon beauty, come to Mama!
After about 3 months of research, I chose the Nikon over the Canon because the features are much more user-friendly.
Every nikon body is already better than its canon equivalent... where's the point in making a d900, d4 or whatever ?
Just because Nikon, Canon and Panasonic all have OIS, it doesn't mean that they achieve this in exactly the same way.
Every shot you take reflects the quality of the sensor, and - IMO - Sony/Nikon sensors are superior to Canon sensors.
I think the bottom line is; Nikon makes better bodies and Canon makes better lenses (all factors taken into account).
I agree that it's best from f4-f8, but without comparison I don't know if it's all that much worse than Canon or Nikon
It won't be fair because most of my lenses used on A7 are either MF from Nikon/Canon or those Sony ones via an adapter.
I've tried the Canon 18-200 IS, And the Nikon 18-200 VR Is a much better lens with better build quality, And faster AF!
The professional sports photographers have already abandoned the Nikon D1h for the much better Canon 1D (mostly anyway).
I have more concerns in highlights that fortunately Canon matches to Nikon basally (although latter is slightly better).
The reason I ask is because Nikon does not give you an image preview on the back of the camera (luck guys at canon do!).
Canon and Nikon also claim that a lens-based anti-shake system is inherently better too, but the jury's out on that one.
And for what it's worth I use Nikon because Canon does not have a fast full frame camera or an affordable FF with pro AF.
For still photography, the ergonomics and the pictures are much better from Nikon or Canon cameras, at least to my taste.
Many are using Canon and Nikon DSLR cameras because the video quality is much better than standard video news camcorders.
"Canon do have more cross type AF sensors so you would think focusing outside the center point would be better than Nikon.
It shows in their superior NEX line and now they are already two steps ahead of Canon and Nikon on the mirrorless cameras.
I'm gonna test one myself - maybe switch to Canon (Nikon user here) if it's really something better than my Nikon kit lens
Canon/Nikon) I believe you won't find better than Canon's MP-E 65mm f/2.8 lens, which ranges from 1:1 to 5:1 magnification.
I have not used a lens of any focal length (Canon, Nikon, Zeiss, ...) that delivered better/sharper image quality at f/1.4.
"I like Nikon because the shutter sounds much more manly than the Canon, which is, by all practical accounts, a bit effete.
I told you Nikon , i wan't to send you my money, but for 3k this canon set looks a better, and diferent add to my photo bag.
Something like a Nikon D90 (mid range)/ Canon Digital Rebel XTi or Nikon D40 (entry level) would be better idea I would say.
That said, Canon does make good stuff; I find Nikon to have the superior interface, making it easier to use all the features.
I switched to Nikon a few years ago but had to go back to Canon simply because Nikon doesn't have an equivalent of this 135L.
Sara switched from Nikon to Canon a while back and has stuck with them because of her considerable investment in Canon lenses.
Even resurrecting an old brand like Contax would be better than putting Canon/Nikon on the camera (Kyocera killed it in 2002).
Some say that about the 16 Mpix Canon 1Ds MII, fewer say it about the 12 Mpix Nikon D2x because the sensor is so much smaller.
I still think that Pentax is better choice then Canon 550D or Nikon D3100 or D5100, and this is why I'm asking for your advice.
The Shading graphs of Figure 7 indicate that the Nikon 14mm f/2.8 values are about three times (worse) than those of the Canon.
Now, conceding that Nikon offers the better wides, with that extra $2,700 I just saved in buying Canon, I could buy a Nikon D700
Overall the DSLR-A700's performance trails both the Nikon D300 and Canon EOS 40D although does seem better than the Olympus E-3.
I've never even held a Canon to my knowledge, so I can't and won't compare because I'm comfortable and know what Nikon produces.
So if it's better than the Canon 20D, and the Canon 5D isn't really a direct competitor, what is the Nikon D200's closest rival?
If we wanted big we would get a Nikon or Canon for roughly half the price with image quality better or at least as good as m4/3.
I would lean back towards Nikon if their low light performance was better than Canon, even if it meant slightly less resolution.
Too bad the 10mm Switar does not cover, as it is superior, likely, to any lens Canon or Nikon makes in acuity and image quality.
I chose Canon five years ago mainly because it seemed the obvious leader in DSLR, even though I had always wanted to own a Nikon.
The aperture and shutter speed dials are usual Nikon fare, and is so much better than the way either Canon or Sony implements it.
They also make the same lenses in Nikon mount versions... Do they work better for Canon versus the ones that work on Nikon bodies?
I dont want to switch to Nikon because I have a lot of canon lenses (50mm 1.8, 18-200mm and my ultimate favorite the 24-70mm 2.8).
Years ago, when I was trying to decide between similarly spec'ed Canon and Nikon cameras, I chose Canon because of the ergonomics.
Similarly to the Canon, the Nikon 70-200mm f2.8 is sharper than the Sigma, also offering better results for CA and corner shading.
If Nikon is using better sensor technology (vis-a-vis Sony), then it could take another generation of camera for Canon to catch up.
Canon is better off doing that from a marketing perspective than Nikon would be taking the D800 body and throwing in a 22 mp sensor.
It generates higher MTFs than 21-24 Mpix full frames from Canon, Nikon or Sony because its constructors dispensed with an AA filter.
I did not go with a Nikon DSLR because I also wanted to use the camera for video and Canon seemed to be superior in that department.
Either complacency got the better of Canon engineers or perhaps their Nikon counterparts are just more hungry to regain the top spot.
I'll listen to arguments that the Canon 5D3 is as good as the Nikon D800, but I'm having a hard time thinking that it's $500 better .
I can't speak for Nikon because I've never handled one myself, but many photographers prefer the dynamic range from Nikon than Canon.
In some ways this might harm Nikon (already bleeding cash, and already trying to convince people to switch systems) worse than Canon.
I had some old MF Nikkor lenses but surprisingly, with an adapter ring, they worked better in a Canon body than my friends Nikon DSLR.
While I prefer Nikon for DSLRs I like Canon for point and shoots and but I have an LX3 because it fits my needs better as a PS camera.
Fuji has to be proactive because they currently don't have a system, unlike Canon and Nikon who have well established, mature systems.
I think a 1500$ FF is possible nowadays and I wish those nikon D600 rumours are true, because canon will have to do something about it
For now, an entry level Canon or Nikon DSLR is a better bet, coming in with humongous lens and accessory systems and lower price tags.
The X1 Pro had better be top notch, on par with something Canon or Nikon would produce in terms of components and attention to detail.
It would cost the same to go with a brand new D800 and their Nikon 600mm as only the Canon lens because of the big difference in cost.
People are saying, "Dude, Nikon better come out with higher megapixel camera, man, so like, they can be the leader of Canon and Kodak."
Here you clearly see WHY Nikon beats everyone else and why Canon is better than Sony plus why Nikon has pulled away from everyone else.
I can now see why every one buys the Canon for video.. Nikon are loosing heaps of customers because of it.. Really stupid move by them.
Anyone with an existing investment in either Canon or Nikon lenses would probably be better off sticking to their chosen camera system.
I don't want to upgrade to a better Canon camera because I plan to purchase a Nikon, and I probably won't be able to sell my equipment.
Canon sold more cameras than nikon did world wide, but I understand it because canon is a huge company and mass produces more than nikon.
i started this post because I have to laugh when I read people complain about the some of the newer released cameras from canon or nikon.
Having owned all of the Nikon and Canon super-telly lenses, I would rate this a tie with the Canon 300mm IS II, and better than the rest.
I can't get a wholesale price from Nikon or Canon - but Amazon can, so I'll buy from them because they can usually get me the best price.
The Canon S110 is a quality camera, but with a price tag of $399, other camera models like the Nikon P330 or Canon G15 are a better value.
Compare a Nikon raw with a Canon raw in ACR, Canon raw looks more detailed, better micro contrast, it just looks much better in every way.
I'm still going to get a Nikon or Canon because of the price and familiarity, but for anyone considering this camera, it seemed very nice.
And those were found superior by numerous Nikon and Canon photographers, clearly superior to what they had available for their own cameras.
They picked Nikon over Canon (and other brands) mostly because they thought that Nikon provided better value in terms of ergonomics, AF,...
Your mileage may vary but I have yet to hear of wholesale failures in the Sony line that are any worse than Fuji, Oly, Panny, Canon, Nikon.
The difference is that someone shooting Canon, Sony or Nikon is not hostile to the idea because their favorite brand offers multiple sizes.
I would consider some other brands, the nikon/sony/olympus 16mp+ sensors do noticeably better that the Canon for high iso and dynamic range.
I would love to hear more about what makes the Canon better at portraits and landscapes, and the Nikon better at sports and photojournalism.
I prefer Canon and Nikon white balance in better light as well, but the difference isn't as stark, and a lot of that is personal preference.
Sony would have to have radically better AF performance to make on-sensor PD the attraction that gets the attention of the Canon/Nikon users.
A real SLR like the Nikon D70 or Canon Digital Rebel offers far better image quality due to the larger image sensor and far faster operation.
It is also a fact that Nikon has nevder been one of them, and that it has historically been better at dealing with Canon than Nikon raw files.
Nikon, Canon and Pentax all have much better camera technology than Leica (which still makes great lenses but not for the price they charge!).
I quickly found that the Nikon fitted in my hand considerably better than the Canon (D50 vs 350D) so I went with Nikon for that single reason.
I did go back and read the part about dynamic range, but his conclusion still screams "canon fanboy because i dont know how to operate a Nikon"
I am probably going to shoot a hybrid of Nikon and Canon this year, because both have some fantastic new technologies with different strengths.
Canon and Nikon have adopted 24mm as the standard wide angle on their professional zooms because it makes a significant difference in practice.
Canon is more "risky" when taking photos let me say and sometimes it leads me to frustration, but final result could be better than with Nikon.
Nikon D7000 or Canon 60D), but the full frame ones are often still just a little bit better in areas like ruggedness, AF speed, FPS, and noise.
I wonder if the Nikon camp complains about AF & ISO or FPS?  Canon will eventually have better sensors, and Nikon will eventually have better AF.
The camera and lens combination is so much better than the Nikon equivalent and I can't wait to start adding other Canon lenses to my collection.
So what is it about the Nikon D70 or D80 (both supposedly better than what I'm using now) or a pro Canon camera that makes them "better" cameras?
I am not sure if they were hand picked, but they are supposed to be better performers than the run of the mill lens in the Nikon or Canon mounts.
Nikon lost their way with the D4/D800 because they wanted to catch up with Canon as far as video was concerned...but they forgot about the basics.
And even though I went with Canon, I do think that Nikon makes better cameras (even with that said, I'm not switching camps any time soon though).
It may be more expensive but the resale value is higher because it appeals to both Canon and Nikon owners plus there is no messy glue on the mount.
The Nikon D800 video quality is nothing short of stunning for its price point (better than the Canon 5D MKII) as yet Ive not shot with the 5D MKIII
Nikon has great bodies and i really considered the Nikon system but i choosed the Canon mainly because of this lens, the 70-200 F4 and the MP-E 65.
It feels better than the Nikon/Canon of the world since Zeiss put so much efforts into it and almost totally sacrificed the convenience side of it.
There's no better computer for photo editing than the Mac, which is supported by cameras from Canon, Kodak, Nikon, Konica Minolta, Sony and others.
The Canon 500D is the most expensive of the trio because Canon and Nikon avoid competing head-to-head by interleaving price and features in models.
If you are likely to upgrade to higher pro-sport level performance equipment or full frame cameras, then Canon and Nikon are probably better choice.
To get a feel for just how much better the Nikon is is than the competition, have a look at this shootout between the Nikon D3300 and the Canon SL1 .
Perhaps my memory is worse than I thought, but, it doesn't seem all that long ago that Rita posted a reference to a pro-Canon shooter who went Nikon.
Unless you want to trade 24-105 Canon for Nikon 24-120 F/4, which many people these days like over 24-70, because Nikon 24-70 is just too damn heavy.
Nikon is really a great system and about 25 yrs or so ago when it was the Nikon or Canon option I saw Nikon as a superior make vs Canon at that time.
The main players Canon and Nikon aren't much better I have no objection to micro subscriptions and would gladly pay for material I know I would enjoy.
It's a little worse on the wide end than either the Canon or Nikon offerings (very bad corners and edges), and the color performance is okay but flat.
In fact everyone who shoots Canon is switching to Nikon so you better get started selling your stuff if you don't want to get trampled in the stampede.
However, overall I have real difficulty in understanding why some people insist that my Canon is better than your Nikon, just for the sake of argument.
I rated it a 10 on all counts because the "competition" is other kit lenses I've used from Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, and Sony...so keep that in context.
Nikon has better button layout and ability to easily change all camera settings is better then canon...tho I do like the big scroll wheel on the canon.
And since Fuji cameras uses Nikon's F-mount, it rocks because Nikon users can buy both Fuji and Nikon bodies, which does have a slight edge over Canon.
The video on the canon is slightly better than the nikon; and it offers 1080p at 60fps which can be useful at delivering a more pleasant looking video.
But if you want to see how much Canon rips you off for being better then Nikon, compare all Canon models and see what they improve and then charge you.
I went through a similar situation and I narrowed it down to Nikon, Canon FD, and Olympus because they are quality and the lenses are readily available.
That said now that Canon has come out with their new system I'm sure Nikon will have a new AF system for the D5 that will be just as good if not better.
Yes, the D70 viewfinder is a disappointment to Nikon users that are used to Nikon's film cameras, but that doesn't make the Canon viewfinders any better.
All in all its a feature rich camera that is a bit on the expensive side with poor build quality, I think a Nikon or Canon is better quality and value ...
Given that the Nikon 50 and 85 are equal or better in many ways than the Canon equivalent at f/1.4, your comment only applies IF you're shooting at f/1.2.
Now the better and more civilized discussions are on the Nikon forum......they are the new innovators and do it for a better price like Canon of the past.
I've never really been a Canon fan mainly because my very first SLR way back in the olden times (late '70s/early '80s) was a Nikon and I've had lots since
There's also a point to be made on how well Fuji listens to customers while Nikon really takes the bottom rating on that front with Canon somewhat better.
And to top that, unlike Nikon or Canon, Fuji is loyal enough to their customer base that their cameras actually get better over time with firmware updates!
If 22MP makes the 5D MkIII a crap camera, then all the pros must be fools because both Canon and Nikon are trying to sell them cameras with "only" 16-18MP.
In our local camera shop, I've been able to get M42s rather cheap because it's the Nikon, Canon FD, and Pentax K-mount lenses that fetch the higher prices.
( another Canon's kingdom at stake) If a low price nikon FF camera comes to stage completing that 36 mp sensor..., canon must react, the sooner the better.
The Nikon does have a better fully articulated screen but compared to these other features on the Canon, in my opinion, you get a better camera in the SX40.
Also if you look for top performer from all today's cameras it's a Nikon D4 which is 1/3-1/2 Ev better than Canon 1D X which is the best Canon for high ISO.
Raw images (after conversion to TIFF) have a better signal-to-noise ratio than even the Nikon D800, and almost match the Nikon D4 and Canon EOS 5D Mark III.
I shall be highly obliged if you do not resort to saying that "I have read Nikon can do better" after showing us a photograph taken by your Canon gear alone.
One thing I don't think you mentioned in this series is that because Canon has a physically wider mount than Nikon, with an adapter you can use Nikon lenses.
While Canon/Nikon might have a tad better lens system at the high end, unless you can afford 1000+ for each lens, the Minolta will more then suit your needs.
It took Canon and Nikon decades to build up that many lenses and the likes of Olympus, Panasonic and Sony are not going to do that any faster, or any better.
If Sony had any real system lenses for the A7 series, a little better AF, and better EVF, we could be sitting here asking each other who Nikon and Canon are.
This was how the Austin Gypsy was found to be a better buy than a Land Rover, and how (as I recall) Pentax came out as the top SLR, trouncing Nikon and Canon.
Perfect specs, Canon will really have to go at great lengths with the new 5D to top the D800, and I know that at least in the AF section Nikon will be better.
My opinions I love Nikon and am not bragging to anyone who better or what so ever!!!! I'm just being a humble person if someone ask me how to work with Canon.
The Fujifilm FinePix S3 Pro might not be that much better than for example the Canon EOS 20D or the Nikon D100 but it features its own special characteristics.
However both Nikon and Canon have cheap 50mm prime lenses (£80) that will produce photos better than what your compact can even on an older cheap 2nd hand body.
I'm sure Chuck that with your errmm... field testing of the Nikon D3x that there's lots to like about the competition and that Canon had better lift their game.
Why the rumored D800 delay IS nikon and NR's fault is because they turn civilized people to think irrationally and make impulsive moves like switching to Canon.
Me: People who aren't buying Nikon because of the 5D Me: Canon 5D owners Me: So wedding photography will be the big one Me: I wonder what the frame rate will be?
Due to the RAW languages of each camera they process differently but I find Canon files pull back much better than the push up and Nikon is exactly the opposite.
Just as with bodies if you think there is some Canon lens that is better than the Nikon then why switch to Nikon to get a new body and use lenses you don't want?
DCI reviews the Canon EOS 450D/Digital Rebel XSi and writes; "it has more resolution than the A200 and produces overall better quality images than the Nikon D60.
Yes, Nikon has better dynamic range at ISO 100, but above ISO 1000, where it really starts to matter, Canon actually takes over (only slightly, but consistently.)
I personally recommend Canon over Nikon because of Nikon's weird autofocus motor thing, but I really suggest you go and handle several and see which you like best.
While you could probably do better with a similarly classed Canon or Nikon for low light or sports shooting situations, no current DSLR is better as an all rounder.
Zoom H4n: Better DSLR Audio Solution for HD Video One of the hottest trends in video production is to use DSLR cameras such as the Canon 5D and 7D or the Nikon D90.
If you want a sharp image Nikon D5200 and D7100 have raze sharp image and better high ISO then the GH3 but high ISO is best on Canon T4i or T5i for low end cameras.
You are not successful because you use Nikon or canon, but because you are a good photographer, are a good business person and use the right tools for your business.
As well as the OS difference for Canon/Nikon vs Sony/Pentax all of the older Nikon lenses have no AF switch because all old Nikon's have the AF switch on the camera.
Most people get caught up in the brand war and will tell you that either Canon is better than Nikon or vica-versa; or that sony offers the best option in the market.
With the Canon 6D and the Nikon D600 coming into the market, I waited to see if those were any better to get since they were supposed to be the "cheaper full frames".
For years I bought into the Canon system because they were one of the Big 2. The thought process was that with so many pros using Canon or Nikon, I could not go wrong.
I'm replacing my bags as well and I started as Canon but now wondering if there is a better photo system for me (maybe Nikon but maybe something different altogether).
Frank C. : I dunno, I think the new Nikon is gonna smack this camera... is Canon still using their own sensors with the inferior DR? Aren't Canon owners fed up by now?
Though buying used telephoto lenses like these may not be everyone's thing, all of the Minolta's are discontinued so if thats the case you're better off with Canon/Nikon.
Though there was nothing really new out, it was because they were busily trying to get the housings for the Nikon D4, Nikon D800, Canon 5D Mark III and RED all finalized.
I've been agonising over a better digital SLR for some time and generally been disappointed at the look and feel of a number of Canon, Nikon and Lumix cameras I've tried.
The 'foursixtyfive' has a movable flash head in both axes which is one of the features where it's better than the entry level modes from Canon (270EX) and Nikon (SB-400).
It sure makes a welcome change from all the other online photography sites where everyone seems more concerned about whether their Nikon is better than a Canon and so-on.
Firstly, it would be appropriate if Nikon showed something new, something of the Canon 10-22 mm class, with a similar range and similar or even better optical properties.
Many times you'll find crap like Nikon/Canon is better than Canon/Nikon... You'll need lot's of megapixels, 8mpix is HUGE advantage compared to 6 mpix.. forget about that.
And I have no doubt the new Panasonic will be the equal, if not superior, to the Canon or Nikon offerings in regards to IQ, and obviously far superior in regards to reach.
Once you decide what brand to go with, you're pretty locked in (unless you have boohoodles of money) because lenses are not exchangeable (at least not from Nikon to Canon).
This is why I switched to Nikon because canon kept changing their lens mounts and I kept having to buy new lenses every time I wanted to upgrade to a new generation camera!
Canon, Olympus, Nikon and the rest had better start adding mobile phone capabilities to their cameras or else Nokia and Sony-Ericsson will take over the digital photo world.
This is strange because over the years I have easily slipped into "Buy Mode" when the latest and greatest cameras were announced by Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, Leica, Fuji, Etc.
It's rather unfortunate that you can't use Canon lenses with a Nikon body because the lower end Canon bodies just don't feel very good in my hands, they feel like cheap junk.
I picked up the Canon.. put it down and tried the Nikon.. picked up the Canon one more time simply because I couldn't believe the very cheap feel and then purchased the Nikon.
Also, the consumer will ultimately benefit (unless you have invested thousands in Nikon and Canon, or Hasselblad or Phase one for that matter) with better tech for less money.
The A900 & A850 were mssing a proper LV function, otherwise I would be a Sony user by now (in addition to my Canon/Nikon cameras) because I have coveted the CZ 24-70 for years.
I am astonished that so many fellow Canon users rush to flog whoever mentions that Nikon have been doing one single parameter of sensor design better than Canon for some years.
They should have mounted a Nikon D-whatever or a Canon 1ds mark whatever with $10000 leica lenses and call it a day, takes far better pictures and video than this crappy camera.
Sony/Pentax/Olympus are known to have poorer high ISO than Canon and Nikon, but ISO 800 on my A300 was as good or better than ISO 800 film, unless you really pulled some tricks.
I forgot to mention in my review that the Nikon zoom ring feels pretty good, the focusing ring not so, too loose for my taste, better then the Canon but not as good as the Sigma.
If we see some background of high level professional Digital SLR camera than some times before canon had the better share than Nikon with its most appreciated model Canon EOS 5D.
And of course, Canon, Nikon and the other traditional camera companies are mostly ignoring the opportunity because their best customers are not asking for these types of devices.
The size and weight are not due to being built to a higher quality standard - there is no evidence to suggest that they are any better built than the Nikon/Canon etc. f/2.8 zooms.
Canon and Nikon are still the most popular brands but I usually recommend Sony to first time DSLR buyers now because I think the camera features are better - especially for video.
The Canon 5d3 has much lower specs than the Nikon 610, and Sony a99, yet you degrade the Sony against it, even though its performance figures - your DxOMark figures, are superior.
There is a body of opinion (mostly from Canon and Nikon...) which states that optically stabilized lenses are capable of better stabilization than moving sensor body based systems.
You give the exact reason why Nikon does not need a Budget series of lenses, you are JUST a student, most people I heard from Canon, on here too, say it's because of WEIGHT reasons.
The only reason to give piles of money to Leica is its lenses (which is arguably the best optically for 35mm photography), and IMO Canon or Nikon sensors are better than M9 sensors.
Also, I would look at the Nikon D2X because it is in a similar price range and is said to be an excellent camera - unless of course you are already heavily invested in Canon lenses.
In the past Nikon bashing was far more limited because all the couch critics with specs-based arguments were using Canon and were wrecking havoc among each others on 'the other side'
I want to practice with my Eos some more, but looking to the future, with your experience and knowledge, would you evolve into a better Canon or would you suggest I move into a Nikon?
in terms of the price, i don't believe it will be very high by the time the new FF fuji comes out - only because nikon/canon are already offering "consumer" FF which are around $2100.
I also have a frind that shoots for a pro sports team and he just sold a couple hundred grand worth canon gear to move to the Nikon D3X for the sole purpose of better iso capabilities.
I was torn between going Canon or Nikon, but in the end chose Nikon because that is what is use to shoot in 35mm film cameras, and I have a friend who is a true pro, and he shoot Nikon.
That is to say, certain 3rd party (Sigma, Tamron, Tokina etc.) lenses are superior in optical quality to their Nikon/Canon equivalents, and in other cases, the main manufacturers win out.
I know a number of shooters who have adapters for older Nikon lenses for new Canon cameras or the like because the quality:cost ratio is so high and they don't mind taking the extra time.
Of course it would be much better if Canon was bright enough to provide several of these (C1, C2, C3, etc.) for the other positions on the dial, but oh well, Nikon provides none of these.
right before the table starts falling out for Canon DR (of course with Nikon I'd had already traded away two stops, maybe Canon is better, I didn't lose two stops going ISO100 to ISO400 ).
Just because we get asked it a lot, I'll add that the Supertelephoto primes (300 f/2.8, 400 f/2.8, 500 f/4, 600 f/4 from both Canon and Nikon) continue to be our lowest repair rate lenses.
Just asking as non-native speaker and because I see the term "mount" in combinations like "Nikon mount", "Canon mount" - at least Zeiss calls their adaption to one of these brands "mount".
Naturally, most cameras don't have full-frame sensors because they're very expensive and therefore usually found in high-end cameras such as the Canon 5D Mark III, Nikon D800 and Leica M9.
The 6-7 years old nikon 14-24 remains a striking example but the new Canon 24-70 f2.8 also seems outstanding, - The new technologies used in these designs will result in even better primes.
First time cropped sensor dSLR users (Nikon D80, D90, D300, Canon 50D, 7d, etc) often ask the same question - which macro lens is better for underwater photography, the 60mm or 100mm/105mm?
Our analysis shows that the Olympus SZ-14 has better signal to noise ratio results than the Canon IXUS125 HS at all but ISO 80, and the Nikon Coolpix S8200 at all sensitivities but ISO 1600.
I'm starting to do 24x60 inch prints quite a bit more regularly solely because I like them, they sell, and I can do them with visibly better quality using Nikon 800's than with my Canon gear.
The third-party lens manufactures Tamron and Sigma have never been generally considered the better quality choice, but more like the lower cost alternative to the Nikon, Canon and yes to Sony.
From what I can tell it seems damn hard, because if you've ever used Nikon Capture or tried to tether with Canon software you realize even companies with huge resources miss the mark sometimes.
While I host a disdain for video becoming a prominent factor in still DSLR's, I don't think Nikon is ready to push aside still photography development for a better SLR like Canon obviously did.
The kit lenses of both Nikon and Canon will give you that range, at probably a bit better quality since cheap older film lenses tend to show their short comings on digital bodies in a major way.
The 6D doesn't shoot quite as fast as the Nikon D600-it's about one frame per second slower-but the addition of Wi-Fi and GPS and superior image quality at high ISO settings give Canon the edge.
So, my question to you is this: should I replace all my Nikon gear with Canon gear and go with a 7D, or wait to see if Nikon releases the D400 or another future camera with better video features?
I just think anyone saying "this is better..." or worse... "Canon / Nikon missed the boat" etc. based on a spec sheet when no one has shot the first frame with a production version needs to chill.
Anyway, my "educated guess" is that Canon and Nikon are happy for the time being to continue to implement IS in their lenses, because they are doubtless making more money off the feature that way.
It's been especially noticeable because we've gone through a several year period where Nikon and Canon have been playing product one-up-man-ship with their professional products at an amazing pace.
"Oh no! Along comes the DMD at last, and it's meant to be a CHICK-CAM?! Better keep looking at those manly-beast cameras that Canon and Nikon keep pumping out, for now, just to be on the safe side.
RL...after further consideration, I take back what I said about the nikon 1.8g being much better than the canon 85 1.8 and 100 f2...it's only minimally better IMO..and I'm mostly referring to the 85.
I've always thought that Nikon, Leica and Hasselblad lenses were technically sharper than Canon and Mamiya, but for whatever reason, I think Canon and Mamiya lenses make people look better, prettier.
On the contrary I heard from some enthusiasts that you need to do a lot of post-processing on Canon pics if you want to achieve Nikon like results because a Nikon sensor by default puts in more color.
I don´t like Canon but, Canon is one year ahead on video and FF segment (5D vs D700) The Pana GH1 is much better video device and will make history too with Leica, Pana, Sigma; Zuiko, Nikon lens, etc.
To all others : are you also impressed by the quality of the pictures or am I raving ??? Do you think that picture quality are much better than what can produce another camera (Nikon D200 or Canon 5D)
Well, it is now having an SLR mount for sale that can be used for iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS and allows you to put your Canon and Nikon lenses on the iPhone for getting a better control over photography.
I'm surprised it is not obvious to folks why Nikon F adapters get released way before Canon EF ones... is because Canon is a pain in the ass to work with if you're trying to design an adapter for them!
About Nikon vs. Canon, from my experience, Canon is better for action shots, so like sports and high speed stuff, whereas Nikon is great for color and clarity, so if youre shooting landscapes or models.
I thought the Nikon would be my bridge from a cheap Canon (SD1200) to a DSLR, but found myself always reverting to auto because the menus were so cumbersome and I couldn't get the right manual settings.
Sigma 30mm, 50mm, and 85mm 1.4 Primes: Sigma's prime lenses have been creating a lot of buzz lately as their performance has been viewed as equal and often superior to their Nikon and Canon counterparts.
I knew about the canon light leak and the nikon downsides (4FPS, the better AF of the mark 3), and simply cant figure Out - For What i need - off camera flashes, Low light and portraits, Which is better?
The manufacturer claims "the ease of use of the best 35mm DSLRs", which means "not as fast or easy to use as a Canon or Nikon, but the fundamentals of viewing and photographing will probably work better."
That is, just because someone runs around with a professional-grade Nikon D800 or Canon 5D Mark III, does that mean he or she should look down on the people who are content to use their smartphone's camera?
Multi mode exposure, spot and matrix metering, integrated motors, autofocus, DX coding, the F3 had none of that, but it outlived two or three generations of newer-better-faster pro bodies from Nikon or Canon.
It may thus make sense for Nikon to sit this one out, wait for market to clarify, let its competitors (notably Canon) commit to a standard, then execute what my well be a better strategy for this market niche.
johnparas11zenfoliodotcom : I am a nikon DSLR user, but I never liked the NIkon 18-55 kit lens it looks ugly.. this canon lens looks better, aesthetically of course.. we are not talking about the IQ output etc..
I don't welcome these impressions, because I much preferred my previous opinion that Nikon had delivered a breakthrough that opened up new possibilities for my own landscape work, and that would push Canon hard.
Anyone have any experience with the following cameras: Nikon P7000 Lumix DMC-LX5 Canon G12 I'm going this route because I'm looking for something a little more compact but will still take good pictures and video.
In the case of Canon and Nikon, they've worked decades to fine-tune their image processing algorithms, transfer functions and color matrices to get images that simply look better, to me, than I get from this Sony.
Honestly, I really think the whole Canon vs Nikon argument only works when you first buy a DSLR, because the minute you start buying lenses, there is no way you're going to sell it all to move to a different mount.
I think you'd be better off buying a Canon like the 8800F, 8600F, 9950F etc for a lot less, then the extra £200+ you would have otherwise spent on the V700/750 put that towards a Nikon Coolscan for your slides etc.
Featuring a magnesium-alloy body, 7-point autofocus system, and CMOS image sensor, the Canon 10D offers better performance and handling than its predecessor, the D60, and a more attractive price than the Nikon D100.
While it's not any worse than equivalent lenses such as the Canon or Nikon 18-200mm zooms away from the center it struggles to deliver the resolution that the GH1's Live-MOS sensor would theoretically be capable of.
All astrophotography does digital subtraction of black point exposure, the difference here is Nikon offeres it "in camera" and the Canon is superior to the Nikon D80, etc. because it is a CMOS sensor instead of a CCD.
"...the new generation of Nikon and Canon high-end cameras is without doubt a techno-freaks dream, but one may seriously question their ability to produce better pictures than their smaller and more agile competitors.
A Better Finder Attributes supports reading time stamps from a wide range of RAW camera formats (including Canon, Nikon, Olympus, DNG and many others) and can write EXIF timestamps in JPEG, CR2, CRW & CIFF image files.
In the end I went for the Canon EOS 400D with the EF-S 18-55mm lens kit, not because I think it is a better camera than the Nikon D80 but because the Canon lens system had a better fit to my current and projected needs.
Canon has marginally better professional grade lenses though, and given a few months, they will probably have a sensor as good as or better than Nikon's (the Nikon/Canon scales tend to swing back and forth quite a bit).
Is this because (i) DXOMark do not believe their results and are now re-testing everything (ii) they are blackmailing Canon to give them more monetary support (iii) they are blackmailing Nikon to grant them more support.
The situation is even worse today as the industry would need the likes of Canon, Nikon, Leica, Zeiss, Sigma etc to redesign their entire range of lenses to meet a standardized field curvature just to use a Sony sensor..?
The E-M5 can't touch a 1Dx or a D4 in autofocus in my testing unless you compare it to those cameras in Live View where the E-5 blows them away because neither Canon nor Nikon have a clue on how to do a fast CDAF system.
The advantage of Canon over Nikon is in the auto-focus, moreso with the big long lenses because in the EOS system, the focusing motor is built into the lens, not in the body, so you get the right size motor for the lens.
I am using it even more than Zeiss 21 f2.8 ZE, mainly because Nikon D800E is better landscape camera than my Canon 5D MII, but also because the output results in terms of sharpness across the frame, are fully comparable.
Dear admin, Could you test the canon super tele prime lenses on 1dx and 1ds mk2 bodies plz? the 1ds mk2 VS nikon D4 makes a better sharpness comparison, the 1dx vs D4 (D4s) gives a up to date comparison, both makes sense.
Leica calls the S2 "Pro Format" but it really is medium format, and all of that power comes packed in a package smaller than a Nikon D3s or Canon 1ds while having even better build quality than those top end mega cameras.
Paul Bohman - I'm glad that you pointed out that the Canon images don't support the kind of shadow detail that the Nikon images do, because I've begun to rely on the high dynamic range of my Nikons for a lot of my pictures.
I sold my Nikon 70-200mm f/2.8 VR lens and picked up the Canon 70-200mm f/4L non-IS (I never used VR/IS on that lens anyways), like the Canon f/4 a whole lot better, and the difference in price paid for half of the 5D2 body!
When you're in control of the light, if you need different lenses or have at least a few moments to get the camera dialed-in for each shot, the 5D Mark III (or other Nikon or Canon DSLR) ultimately will create better results.
So to summarize, Canon badly needs to introduce new superzoom models because the market has moved along, with superzooms ranging from 15X to 20X from Olympus (3), Fuji (3), Sony (3), Panasonic (2), Nikon (1) and Kodak (1) too.
But, in our testing protocols, Zeiss, ROR, Nikon, Canon and Kodak Lens Cleaners, or a dab of Dawn Liquid Dish Washing Liquid and water, work far better for emulsifying oils and more quickly to produce a clean, streak-free lens.
The really low Mpixel count and market leading noise inducing sensor (worse then Nikon,Canon, Olympus and even Sony) in stills; means there's no way it deserves a 5 in Picture quality more like 4.0 for a DSLR in its price range.
Then again, I switched from Nikon to Canon because I didn't like the D200's (and to a lesser extent, the D2H's) image quality and low-light performance...they both produced images that looked just a little cheap compared to the 5D.
Yes Nikon needs a 70-200 f4 (and in that case difficult to top Canon's offerings) but pretty much everything Nikon offers is better IQ. - pro lenses head-to-head with Canon with super-telephotos cheaper than Canon across the board.
The things always happend again, what will you goin to do if next year canon decide to maintain theirs current products and the new 2011 nikon line (looks that is not a rumor) are better than canaon products, you will cahange again?
If you're not sold on the D3300, you could look to other options like the Nikon D5300 for the next step up, the Pentax K-50 for weather sealing and better controls, or the Canon SL1 if you just don't want to buy into a Nikon system.
A Nikon F with a 50mm 1.4H lens for £40 from an outdoor market stall in a small town in North Yorkshire about twenty years ago that I later sold (because I'm a Canon FD user) for enough to buy another Canon F1N body that I still use.
Since the LEICA M9 makes such horrible JPGs and has such horrible auto WB and no blue/amber fine tuning, the JPGs out of the X100 are superior to the M9's JPGs, but the Canon S95 and Nikon D5100 also make far better JPGs than the M9.
Canon and Nikon 'seem' to release more regularly because they have more FF models in totality, but really the D700 and 5D MkII were released about the same time as the A900, the A99 a few months after the Canon 5D III and Nikon D800.
The lenses will probably make more of a difference - a better lens on a Canon will make better images than an inferior lens on a Nikon (and vice versa) - so you should also consider which company makes better lenses for your purposes.
Canon might regret introducing the EF-S concept only if/when they lose large numbers of 60D sales because consumers realize that can upgrade to a Nikon D600 for about the same cost as upgrading to a 60D and they buy the Nikon instead.
i've visited every camera store in boston (at least 6 of them) in the last couple months and EVERY one of them recommended nikon dslr's over canon dslr's saying they were "more reliable", "better picture quality", and "easier to use".
let the marketing games begin!  no question that 7D is still very succesful, so maybe Canon feels that a little kick in the pants and they can ride this train even longer to better position them to compete with the next Nikon offering.
To make sense it has to not just be better but significantly better - these MF cameras are far less user friendly (and indeed functional) than the state of the art from Canon/Nikon m(live view, high ISO, wide apertures, user interface).
In a way this holds true for even the dslrs because once Canon and Nikon opened the door to the same sensor in a body that costs 1/2 of the "professional" version many people will go to the lower priced option, if the sensor is the same.
You can read about it here So why would a flash trigger be Nikon or Canon specific you ask? That's because it reads and uses the camera's TTL codes and each manufacturer uses slightly different pins on the hotshoe to transmit those codes.
It's worth mentioning that the record result of 50 lpmm was something we were expecting up to a point because the Olympus E-510, having 10 Mpix on a small 4:3 sensor, is much more densely pixel-packed than e.g. a Nikon D200 or a Canon 20D.
But I wonder if the folks running Nikon and Olympus web strategy know what Canon is doing so much better than them, and is predicted to do much better (slope of the line in the yellow area of the graph) than them during the holiday season.
I was reading about Nikon and Canon glass, was I not I THOUGHT I was reading about Nikon and Canon glass, being used on an M, that was why I thought it was M240, because I did read that there's a adapter for these lenses for the M Type 240.
I cannot comment on your copy of the Sigma ... but I've owned the Sigma 50-500 (non-OS) and 2 Sigma 150-500 OS lenses (one for Canon and the other for Nikon) and all 3 of them had better build quality then the Tamron 150-600 VC I held today.
killer zoom (but now the canon 24-70II could be on par) 4) 24-120mm/4 VR much better in terms of corner to corner sharpness and distortion vs Canon24-105 5) Nikon 45mm PCE vs Canon 45mm TSE-- the former is really sharp and can serve as macro
For moderate priced lenses, Nikons are often a bit faster in the same length (because they're in fact shorter for the same FOV), so the available darkness factor levels out a bit, and you may be shooting a Nikon at 800 against a Canon at 1600.
I agree being able to rotate the shift axis independent of the tilt axis on the Canon lenses is a better design but saying "The Canon PC-E lenses may be better as you can tilt and shift at the same time, with Nikon you can only tilt or shift."
i get that canon looks at sale fogures thats why they keep selling lenses that are sub par to what nikon offers in the same price range so people in the end want something better and buy a L as far as im concerned thats all canon thinks about.
I will only buy Canon gear , no more trying out any other brand , Nikon , on paper , is truly amaizng but in real life use Canon is better , BTW, I think Nikon manu system sucks and the D40X is a real silly camera what a shocking surprise is it?
The sensors are up to Nikon quality, some Nikon use Sony sensors, but because of SLT technology the light hitting the senor is only 70% of the one gathered by the lens their high ISO is at par with Canon sensors that are lagging behind for years.
Ergonomics, esthetics... To some, the Nikon fits better in the hand, to others the Canon White L lenses are sexy looking... :p Some photographers still prefer film than digital so... we can't really fight against what artists prefer to work with.
Their roadmap (PDF file) doesn't promise any more "D FA" lenses but I'm not sure whether that's because there are already enough, together with the "FA" lenses or whether they have decided to abandon the full-frame market to Canon, Nikon and Sony.
I hope Nikon design all they're sensors in future cameras and decide against the 14 MP sony because sony sensors have a difficult time with 14 bits and future technology's such as video are not competitive with sony sensors when compared to Canon.
IF Nikon wants to strike back with a whatever replacement they want to name it they need to bring out a camera that has a better video compression from Canon with loads of other possibilities, one of them being full frame as well as DX crop factor.
Right now what's hindering Nikon is their legacy and prime lenses price, while some may argue they perform better than Canon lenses in reality they don't perform much better than the price difference you see which in turn makes things hard for Nikon.
I used a 100-400mm Canon zoom on a crop sensor -- I know you're a Nikon guy so translate that into 200-400mm -- and if I had it to do over, I'd take the same lens because even though the prime is faster and sharper, the zoom let me frame what I needed.
Thinking about the Canon SX160IS and Nikon L610 for the main options and on how much we can afford, want one with some decent video, I know that Canon seems to have a better optical picture quality on the point and shoots but Nikon seems to be OK also.
then a pocket olympus but when I wanted a real DSLR I looked at Pentax, Sony, Nikon and Canon - for the money the Canon 450D has better resolution, the Sony would have been my choice were it not for the small place they have in the market / aftermarket
Thats almost never the case, pro line doesn't mean better iq a pro camera have different feature, take a look at canon or Nikon you will see that the best performer (iq) cameras are the d800e and 5dm3, and those are NOT pro line for those manufacturer,
For example, in the case of the Canon, the sensor is what is limiting the numbers compared to the Nikon, however, when stopped down to F4 the number improves greatly for Canon, if the Lens' was better from the start, why wasn't it on more equal footing?
pretty silly reply from you, because when a nex or a55 is better in a review than canikon, and any canon or nikon is thrashed by any reviewer, you and many other sony-fanatics, are the first ones to put out the flag, and say, it was a good review..LMAO..
I guess that Nikon just try to push the FX sales because there are not so many competitors at the moment (Canon, Sony, Leica) whereas APS and smaller are flooded with interesting cameras and more competitors (Fuji, Olympus, Panasonic, Samsung, Pentax...).
Alternatively, just forget all that Nikon crap and get a Oly OMD: it's got all the retro that you need and none of that silly mirror-up slap both Canon and Nikon insist on living with in this day and age of all digital viewfinders - a MUCH better solution!
Note that I did not put that in the form of a rhetorical question-if I were to ask, I already know the answers I'd get: Canon users will say it's because DxOMark sucks and/or has a biased testing procedure; Nikon users will say it's because Nikon's better.
My view is that you can't stick a single opinion over the whole of the 3rd market brand - some are going to be lesser than canon/nikon/sony options some will be better and some will be unique lenses to the 3rd party company that the other brands don't make.
If Nikon has a supply issue and Canon has tipped their hand, this allows Nikon to possibly re-think some specs (like is 36 necessary, perhaps 21 or 18 or 25 would be fine) and enable a better price point, or better margins, more reliability, better ISO etc..
The advantages of the Nikon over the Canon are - slightly smaller and lighter, HDR, better resolution and slightly better sharpness, better zoom, and the advantages of the Canon over the Nikon are - better low light behaviour, slightly faster, better battery.
I used one a few days ago in Lijiang and it is a seriously nice camera... ergonomically it is outstanding -- far far far better than the latest Canon EOS-1D revision, which makes me glad to be a Nikon user... even if they do tend to lag a year behind Canon ;)
@ Timbukto, i am a nikon user now but have been using canon till last summer and i must say the OOC jpegs looks way better from canon because of the higher default sharpening and contrast levels , and you ar not gaining much in that respect if you shoot raw .
Im sure the big boys in the software world are going to always support Canon and Nikon raw file structure, and as for Nikon NEF, just because Nikon lost some editing options due to a bad business decision, I'm sure our NEF is going to be with us for a long time
If finally Canon releases such sensor, it must be latest beginning of next year or better even this year, otherwise the gap to the competition will be nearly impossible to match with since Nikon and Sony especially are not sitting still during this time either.
I don't care if its real or not....i just reallly really want a full frame 60fps with adjustable apeture in live mode as well as live mode metering...because if nikon can't give it to me with the d800, canon can with the 5dmk2...and nobody wants to go that road.
That is not nikon way in most of the cases The statement Canon is a Camera made for Enginners is true because sometime they have leading technoilogies but Nikon is a camera made for Photographer because nikon have a solution for the peoples who love take pictures.
For 30k you can take your photography a step further just with a parabolic umbrella, or HMI's or better post production and by the time the S2 is on the shelf does anyone really believe that Canon and Nikon won't have something out there in the 30mpx area as well.
I imagine there are people inside Nikon and Canon who are advocating that those companies develop in-the-body IS DSLRs, and there are probably other people in both companies telling them to stop rocking the boat because the in-lens versions are turning more profit.
New features include the addition of a tethered shooting mode for some Nikon and Canon cameras, enhancements for a better workflow and faster image loading, and a new luminance noise reduction function to complement the already existing color noise reduction feature.
The cropped lenses from Nikon and Canon work really well on the APS sensor cameras because the sensor is only seeing the "sweet spot" center of the lens, plus the fisheye distortion is minimized near the center too so we have a very wide, low light lens in this case.
With new Nikon bodies being kind of disappointing (let's be honest - 1Dx looks much better than D4 and D800 is a camera that not only a fraction of Nikon users are waiting for right now), I guess many of us will face the moment when we'll think of switching to Canon.
I wasn't in a position to buy a dSLR until mid-2009 anyway and now that Nikon have made their expensive cameras even more expensive (Forgive the credit crash) Canon are looking better (On price point and lens choice only) even after their price rise in December 2008.
you might want to consider lens offered from each manufacture... there are pro's and cons to each... depending on what you are looking for, they 'can' cost more than the camera and impact the body used... canon lenses are thought to be better than the nikon/nikor's...
In very general terms, Canon is probably superior to Nikon in marketing, and in offering a wide feature set for a low price; on the other hand, most consider that Nikon cameras have somewhat better lenses, and have better ergonomics: they just feel better in the hand.
The CX sensor is small but larger than bridge zooms ,Nikon could have make it to micro four third size for better IQ but that's just Nikon ... Will never buy as a standalone body and it's lens system, any high end level PnS Canon ,Fuji or Panasonic are much better IMO.
While I shoot more video than stills for my clients (about 55/45 video skew) I still need to be concerned with still image quality....and Nikon is simply better than Sony, Canon or Panasonic for stills....especially shooting in RAW and where dynamic range is important.
These past years, we've seen a lot of photographers switching from Canon to Nikon... but I met two French photographers who recently moved from the Nikon D800 to the Canon EOS 5D Mark III because of a more versatile body and finally a better camera for most of their use.
There is no harm in using FX lenses on DX bodies and if 18-200 DX and 70-300 VR can't satisfy you then good luck with the 100-400 :) ,grass always looks greener on the other side :) I've used both, in film ,it doesn't matter but Nikon in digital is far better than Canon.
Long time photographers with a collection of lenses and perhaps a fondness for manual focus will find the Sony A7 and A7R incredibly versatile cameras because you can use a variety of lenses including Leica M, Canon and Nikon full frame lenses with these two Sony cameras.
I hung in there with Nikon(because of the Nikkor glass that I already owned and my Nikon flash gear, which is light years ahead of Canon's), saying to myself: "don't jump to Canon, the day is coming when Nikon will make THE camera that you're waiting for.....and here it is!
To be honest I simply envy people who already have good Nikon lens and Nikon FF, they now have opportunity to expand a set with a perfect studio camera, while canon owners, like me, have an opportunity to have better or good AF while other parameters remain almost unchanged.
However what you have written concerning highlight recovery/shadow lifting in post pretty much reminds me of my experience with the Pentax 645D and it would require further testing to demonstrate that this - at least at base ISO - is superior over a Nikon D8X0 or Canon 5DS/R.
If, on the other hand, you really need to flow seamlessly from stills to video, then you should say goodbye to both Canon and Nikon and look at the Panasonic GH2, which matches the D5100 for shooting stills (except its flash is a bit tempermental), but is way better for video.
This camera replaces the Fuji S2 I've been using for the past 2 years and although the S2's are wonderful cameras (much better than the Nikon digitals that are out IMHO), I'd have to give this camera a oneup on the S2 for build quality and a few other Canon specific functions.
This seems to be unavoidable with 50mm lenses on FF Canon cameras (and I expect elsewhere too - it was pretty bad on the Pentax 50mm 1.4 I used to own (aps-c, where it should be much less of a problem), while the Nikon 1.8 I tried a few months ago on a FF Nikon was much worse).
And, ok, maybe saying Canon is "really bad" was a little too much, but still, I don't understand why so many people buy Canon when Nikon and Pentax are better, and Pentax camera's are much cheaper than Canon when we look at all the extra functions they contain compared to Canon.
This is BAD for everyone because I'm finding left and right that a great many people are doing this and once Canon has lost their base, which they will, Nikon can leave prices just where they are..... Sony is going to have a rough time, not many have the pocket for a Med Format.
Actually I hope Samyang itself won't be defeating one of the main purposes of a TS lens... so far they've been making very sharp lenses that are just as good as and sometimes better than Canon, Nikon, Zeiss, etc. lenses but one thing they've been bad at is controlling distortion.
Scenario 2 : I have a great camera, but even when shooting with ISO 100 (Canon etc.) or 200 (Nikon), the image noise is visible because I only want to use a very small part of the tonal range (e.g. in foggy situations) and therefore the small amount of noise is heavily amplified.
EF for Canon, FX for Nikon) on a crop camera results in less aberrations and vignetting in the corners, because what you're looking at is just the central part of the image projected by the lens, and it's been designed to be not too bad even in the corners of the full-frame image.
The default I posted is 'film standard' ... I've processed literally thousands of images with this converter and rarely found nature or wildlife shots that looked better with the flatter settings, so that's probably why Nikon and Canon (and Capture One) bias the settings that way.
The only stumbling block is that £549 would also buy such newcomers a decent entry level DSLR, such as a Nikon D5100 or Canon EOS 1100D , with standard 18-55mm zoom and arguably better image quality - that's if the GF3's much smaller form factor isn't the over-riding consideration.
Even though Nikon was first to the party with the D90 , Canon has effectively staked out DSLR video as its private fiefdom, delivering camera after camera with superior video prowess, carving out a new market-not unexpected, since Canon makes video cameras, and Nikon, well, hasn't.
The facts are that the D600 has been crippled as a serious video tool, and in that respect falls far behind the Canon lineup, which is a huge pity because I was looking forward to putting my Nikon glass on it and not having to buy a Canon camera (I don't like them as stills cameras).
What I tried to convey was that because even the video-king 5d3 hasn't got a swivel screen Canon didn't want to add it on the 60d-like 6d - because the 6d is obviously designed to have lower specs in any area save the center af light sensitivity as the "joker" against the Nikon 600d.
A lot? Well, realistically there's just the Nikon d600/d610 which is of course the better overall camera, but Canon knows from experience that 100-200€ won't make people jump ship - and those who want a ff and don't care about af will pay some $$$ more than the 70d w/o a second thought.
I'm just making a comment on how Nikon has an issue with the production of some D600 cameras and that they need to fix it because it does discourage some people in buying a D600, especially when some true Canon trolls make it such a huge issue, and that is something that will not cease.
And I have to agree with most of what you are saying - I don't have a 5d3 for AF speed comparison - but for skin tones the canon is a lot better for me than the Nikon (I owned the D700 most recently but also shot with the D300 for a couple of years and have worked with the D3x at times).
i saw join develop 4K sensor on image sensor world site by Pany and others factory, on video feature i don 't think Oly will get better because they ignore to hybrid cam, in the future PRO competitor is Hybrid Cam from Canon,Nikon and Sony,others still focus on still photo and image file
recently I test five 50mm in studio (canon 1.2/canon 1.4/sigma 1.4/nikon 1.4/zeiss 1.4) and by far, the zeiss prime have more dynamic range and cinematic "mood" giving the best latitude and neutral colors to grade in post, but in sharpness I found the 50mm 1.2 slighty superior below f/2.8
Given how many of these lenses actually sell, photographers breathlessly awaiting for a faster USM in the Canon lens, or for AF-S to show up in the Nikon version, should start breathing into a paper bag to control their hyperventilation, because it ain't likely to happen for years to come.
Accordingly, stating that an arguably better camera (as argued by DPREVIEW!) in the entry DSLR level falls short of a the Canon or Nikon counterparts because of poor lens selection is exactly like stating that a serious company like Pentax will never win because it is not a Nikon nor a Canon!
This choice has its pros (you see a stabilized image in the viewfinder and, if what Canon and Nikon say it's true, you get better results) and its cons (much more expensive lenses and less chances to have an up-to-date IS system, since you usually change bodies more often than you change lenses).
Assuming the noise is evenly distributed, or if you have a debanding NR tool, you might be able to gain another stop, and the gains might be a little better in terms of magnitude for a Canon...which starts out with more noise than a Nikon w/ Exmor, but the Nikon will still benefit from NR as well.
The biggest reason is that it's got a nice mix of video and photo features - its 51-point autofocus system works better for still photography than even the professional cameras (Nikon D2H, Canon 1D Mark IIN) that I used in the field only a few years ago, and its color and image quality is brilliant.
Anyway, the magic lantern ppl could make all this raw 2k stuff because the canon actually was having that data stream for LV, if you compare the Live View stream between a Canon mkIII and a Nikon d800 you will see that even if there were some talented team hacking nikons they couldn't achieve the same.
pls nikon bring out a new pro camera for sports - tested the d3 against the mark IV - more pixels plus the crop means for pics shoot on the other side of the pitch: a much better quality for canon .... a d3x as fast and as low noisy like the d3 would help all the sportsshooters ... its a world cup year!
Camera ..DSLR with video ...Canon 600D or 60D or Nikon 5100 ..all are HD capable ..Nikon focusing slightly is better if the subject is moving when you zoom ( but the lenses are more specific than the canons ) ..all take mics..you'll need "off camera" mics as the noise of the built in ones is intrusive...
If there is some measurement DxO is using that shows xxx lens on a D800 allows it to rate higher then they need to show that test/score - because of the scores they 'do' provide clearly show the Canon performing better... Just more Nikon stroking by DxO, nothing more than 'under the table compensation'...
TLJester said:   First - thanks for the great responses !!! ... and so far no Nikon/Canon fist-fights have broken out I am tempted by the Canon as its newer, and the shots i have seen seem a bit punchier (and this is a pretty good deal!) on the other hand, i hear that the Nikon is better with low (higher?)
The battery life is on the nikon is better; especially if you record more video than the canon - After 150 photos and a number of videos and time-lapse images in a day the battery is showing as having a third of its life left; I carry a spare for the Canon as taking video definitely dents the battery life.
I may actually be somewhat of an oddity because I am mostly a landscape and architecture photographer and it seems to me many people chose Nikon as their camera of choice if that is what they shoot, but I guess I started with Canon and will probably stay there unless someone gives me a stable of Nikon gear.
Just days after getting wind of D3 rumors galore , a "photo editor at a major newspaper" has tipped us on a phone call he received from Nikon in which his presence was requested at a meeting where a "new professional camera that is leaps and bounds better than anything Canon is offering" would be showcased.
There have been reports of banding issues with several Leica sensor designs as far back as the M7, and the M8 had particularly bad banding...but it was still considered a better camera than anything from Canon or Nikon...since banding only ever exhibited in shadows, and was relatively easily mitigated in post.
If I have one critique of your analysis it would be that the advertising in a magazine generally is not one that is suited to a specific "call to action" but rather appeals to the large companies like Canon, Nikon et al because it is a place to establish their brands and make emotional connections with the client.
This does NOT mean that brands like Pentax, Sony, and Olympus are inferior, they're not, and as I mentioned earlier, there are practically no inferior DSLRs in the market right now, but trying to find stores that carry competitive prices for add-on products for these brands are harder than those of Canon and Nikon.
In both 4K burst mode at 30fps and 60fps the V2 has very little problems with rolling shutter because of the fast readout and although the 1080p video mode isn't oversampling from a 4K sensor readout, it too does not suffer as much from rolling shutter as the Nikon D5200, Canon 5D Mark II or Blackmagic Cinema Camera.
The unwillingness to spend money on photography goes hand in hand with the belief by many in the meeja world that the advent of digital has made redundant the need for any knowledge of photography because all the worlds learning on the subject has been boiled down and encapsulated in the latest Canon/Nikon/Olympus etc.
Ironically, if Canon buys Olympus, chances could be higher they maintain the Olympus brand name for the mft products than they are with other buyers, because that would mean a much better solution to Canon's "we'll need to enter mirrorless market but we don't want to rival our dslr line" dilemma than the nikon solution.
Canon, Nikon and Pentax - as in SX30, P100, and X90, all "cripple" the functions of their Bridge Zooms to some extent - seemingly because of their price-similarity to their entry-level DSLRs, while Panasonic's FZ100 competes with their Micro Four-Thirds, not DSLRs, and Fuji's HS10-etc have no Fuji DSLRs to compete with.
Given the mess that Nikon is in after more than a year of being bashed in the forums, class action law suits and now the Chinese Government forcing them to replace faulty D600 DSLR's, I think it's a good time to start talking to Canon about G11 & G12 cameras that were ruined because of self scratching front lens elements.
So, to sum it up...go to the store, pick up a Canon, Nikon and Sony in the price range you like, and play with them a little, see which fits in your hands better, and which has more intuitive menu system for you, see how you like the optical vs electronic VF, and of course, see which one is easier to change basic settings.
she listened and DID capture some very nice images..i found out later that she did some interior work several nights ago and had the iso up to 3200..and forgot..dont get me started on the "average joes" we see all the times with their super duper nikon d4's and canon 1DX's blasting away at 10fps/12 fps..simply because they can
While Japan 50 years ago was noted as only making "junky" products, we can all attest to the high quality automobiles, the fine Nikon and Canon digital cameras, the excellent Sony and Nippondenso games, the superior machine tools, their extraordinary electronic products, and many other high quality items manufactured in Japan.
There actually is no way to compare these sensors "everything else being equal" because there isn't a common RAW converter (except for Iridient, for those inclined to use it), and because even equipping a Nikon or Canon crop camera with the same Sigma lens you'd use on the SD1, pixel count and pixel pitch would be different, etc.
No camera format is future-proof, and if you're planning a career as a professional photographer then you'll probably want to stick to Canon and Nikon because of their vast lens and accessory ranges and long track record, but beginners and enthusiasts needn't worry that they're painting themselves into a corner with Micro Four Thirds.
As far as the CC method, no I'm not crazy happy about it, seems there could be a better way to handle it and I think it's overpriced, though honestly I think most of the equipment we use today is overpriced, except for the Nikon D800 (sorry to mention that) the Canon 5d series and the new mirrorless cameras that have come to the market.
I'm a professional photographer and use canon gear - partly because I had 2 nikons (back in film days) and parts fell off those cameras so when it came time to 'go digital' I had the opportunity to try canon -and I've had only one issue and canon fixed it free even after the warranty expired, yet there are millions of happy nikon users out there.
If you deal with the quality of the image (on low speeds) we should have had one and the same 70-300 mm class lens, able to work on different systems reflex cameras; then, putting it on a Nikon D300, a Canon 450D or an Olympus E-3 would have given us the same results because those reflex cameras feature very similar resolution in the frame centre.
Even if I could get my desired color rendition with a little work, why should I bother when either of the Nikon D600 and 35mm F2 AF-D or Canon 6D and EF 35mm F2 combinations give far better image quality (color rendition) with the same low light performance for less money, and handle to full DSLR levels, not merely point-and-shoot levels like the RX1.
I've been looking at the Nikon D5100, Canon 600D and Sony Alpha A33 (all with an 18-55 kit lense) mainly as I like the idea of the adjustable LCD for awkward shots so I was hoping for advice on the best one for my needs - I'm currently leaning towards the Nikon as dad has a D40X so I can borrow lenses but only if one of the other two isn't a better choice.
As usual we have lots of idiots who think they know more than a team of engineers and think they could do better than Sony... and they are writing bad things... A77 is a very good camera... but it's only a "normal camera" for the actual times... Then Nikon will improve it... Canon will publish something better and lower the prices... etc... Everything's normal...
Sony, Fuji, Olympus, Panasonic, Samsung and Pentax are all out there, now with increasingly fine cameras in a variety of formats including FF - and my guess is that more and more folks are turning away from Canon and Nikon because, in effect, they have stopped listening to their customers or, in the case of Nikon, even caring about them (the D600 QA issues, e.g.).
... With regards to lens quality, i think the continuing investment by Canon, Nikon, Sigma and Tamron is leading to better quality lens at more affordable prices, when did olympus last make an SLR lens in the 4/3s mount?I get the impression that for olympus to survive in this market they are going to have to put their available resources into the micro 4/3s and pen market.
If this is the case then .... because of the longer equivalent focal lengths (moving from an 85 to a 120), heavier camera, smaller wide apertures (moving from 1.2 on your 85 to F 2.8 or 4 on your 120), and a bigger mirror slapping around, I would venture a guess that you will not achive the same level of sharpness on a MF system that you could achieve with a Nikon or Canon.
She gives me any personal details i ask ,her telephone, address, and after 4 months she makes me travel to Kiev to meet her, so, few days before my trip she ask me if its possible to bring her one photo camera ( Olympus, Nikon or Canon mirroring) and for her brother a watch (Tissot) and she promises that her brother will give me that money on my arrival because she knew that is costly.
The more expensive lens will employ more advanced lens elements...better materials, such as higher grade glass, alternatives such as Fluorite or diffractive grating or diffractive dispersion elements (Canon only), better adhesives and glues to bind elements together, better antireflective coatings (such as a nanocoating, used on newer professional-grade lenses from Canon and Nikon), etc.
If the Otus outperforms the top 50s from Nikon and Canon in sharpness, bokeh, reduced chromatic aberrations in the focus plane, reduced chromatic aberrations out of the focus plane, better close up performance, and only is as good as the Canikon lenses on vignetting then because it doesn't beat them in this last aspect, but only in effect ties them, it isn't doesn't really go far enough.
Siince your question seems to about the comparison between the new mirorless systems (Olympus/Panasonic Micro Four Thirds, Sony NEX, Nikon One, etc.) and your Canon EF-S gear, let me skip the usual "bigger sensors paired with bigger, heavier lenses are better in low light, and Canon L glass rules" stuff, and tell you what compromises I have to accept in exchange for a smaller, lighter system.
So, what hope does Oly really have in bringing out a new body that would suddenly convince thousands of pros to dump their Canon or Nikon gear and suddenly jump over to Oly? unless it's some robo-cam that shoots jobs for you while you relax on the beach, i don't see that happening no matter how good or innovative or fast or better high iso or bombproof or fill in the blank here the camera is.
Cons: Not too many but I will nit pick: GPS was removed (available on a77) battery life is much less than competition and worse than a77 (abt 400-450 shots if careful and use max power save), does not have intervolometer for time lapse, wi-fi app for cell phone is lacking in features, clunky and somewhat awkward menu system, not as many lens options as Nikon or Canon and fewer offerings from Tamron and Sigma also.
If you want to go with anything worse than Nikon LS 9000, your Canon will wipe the floor with it- I can totally agree with it, especially if you take into the equation factors like time spent (wasted?) on scanning, correcting the scanned stuff etc. Epson 700 / 750 - everyone who has used it will tell you a different story, some will tell you that the quality is near 9000, some will tell you that its pretty much useless.
But honestly if you think professional photography has that much to do with the camera, you need to get out more, because there are thousands, maybe millions of really astounding photographs, shot by amazing "professional" photographers in all formats and at this stage I would bet 80% of them are shot with  a Canon, or Nikon and the people that are shooting these photographs are far from lazy, dumbing it down or non caring.
It 's R for Leica R because I think people are buying M9 to look good I m waiting for a R10!!!!! but Leica is like Nikon they make people think they re all that but they re not? that's why I shoot Nikon Canon Panasonic and Leicas and I f...k yall with your b.....t fanboyism that is ridiculous.Most of you never go outside your country to take pictures and you all want tropicalized DSLR to feel like you the man ,but you're not.
Great zoom, very good photo quality (very decent for a travel zoom), good photos with low light (better than HX9V), amazing (stunning) macro, fantastic video recording (the same quality as HX9V), decent battery life, very good materials...     in comparison, its main 2012's competitors, Canon SX 240 - SX 260 and Nikon 9300, are not better in photo quality (about the same quality) and are far worst in video quality (much worst.)
On one hand hand, I too can see a niche for a body from Nikon (and likewise one from Canon) that combines a high resolution sensor like that of the D800 with a more robust, top-of-the-line body in the spirit of the F6 --- including omitting the integrated vertical grip as the F6 did, because that seems more relevant to the fast-paced work for which the D4s in intended, and an accessory vertical grip seems a more flexible approach.
Zeiss lenses do tend to have lousy out-of-focus blur (but there are exceptions); Nikon lenses do tend to be super-sharp-looking but at the cost of a certain harshness that can make Caucasian skin look pasty (but there are exceptions); Canon does favor a smooth, high-res but not quite so high-contrast look that works best with color film (because color can function as contrast: it can help distinguish adjacent areas and their edges.
I'm coming back to the M43 stuff having had a GH1 a few years back and sold it quickly because it wasn't quite up to the job I needed at the time, but having been via Nikon, Canon & Leica over the years I've come back to the M43 series for the 4K video capabilities of the GH4 but am also looking now at the Oly bodies for photography and selling my final Canon photo body (I still have some Canon cinema line bodies that use Canon lenses).
Today I happily told my friends that I bought Sony A37 with 18-135 lens, and then what I got in response is a "Seriously?dude" followed by some LOL...and they told me to better return it and rather get an entry level canon or Nikon..lol I tried to explain to them that it has a lot functions that most other brand's entry level camera don't have, but they said it's all bullshits and don't worth to give up the quality that other cameras brings.
If you take a good photographer who shot a photo with a Canon and Canon lens and then the same photographer used a Nikon with a Nikor lens and then edited and printed them (in the same with with the same printer and paper) to a size of 11x14 and showed the results to 100 different photo enthusiasts ( not the general public) and asked them to identify which is better I would say most (unless the cheat or guess or lie) could not tell the difference.&nbsp;
Thanks for your advice I use a standard lens 18 105 mm for the nikon D7000 can you also make sharp pictures with this lens.? or is there better lens for the nikon D7000 I am just a beginner I heard it,s bad if you choose use automatic option I choose for M function Another question if the light lamp is on at the home do i have to use the flash .? Which lenses are good for close up shoot And is there diffrence between this fantastique camera Canon eos 7d and the Nikon D7000
I am still disgusted and appalled at how comparatively little camera Canon gives for the cost of $3300 as compared to what Nikon gives for $2800...because the Nikon gives much better dynamic range up to ISO1600, more resolution and detail retention, a generally more complete useful feature set including active-point spot metering and exposure compensation with Auto ISO, and a nice eyepiece magnifier...while the 5d3's only real advantages are 2 fps faster max burst (full frame) and some cross-type outer focus points.
CameraLabs have recently reviewed and compared the Nikon D80 VS Canon EOS 400D/Digital Rebel XTi where they write; "The D80's biggest rival will arguably be the Canon EOS 400D / Rebel XTi, and despite them sharing essentially the same resolving power and 2.5in screens, it doesn't take long to realise they're quite different propositions.The D80 features a far superior viewfinder and feels more comfortable and built to a higher standard, but the 400D / XTi is smaller and lighter - and this could be crucial if you travel light.
Six Reasons Windows is Better Than OS X
Windows and OS X require handling because of
In most ways, OS X is superior to Windows XP."
I also find that OS X has a better shelf life than Windows.
Even better, it's free and runs on both Windows and Mac OS X.
Windows 7 on my v 2,1 MBA is by far better than OS X on my MBA.
As far as I'm concerned, OS X is not any better than MS Windows.
Even Mac OS X 10.3 is still better than recent Windows versions.
"Windows is better than OS X as a post-production operating system."
Windows 8 adoption: Worse than Vista, better than OS X Mountain Lion
unfortunate, because the Windows market is HUGE compared to OS X, and
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS: Windows 98 or better or Mac OS X 10.2.8 or later.
Equally, I'm a Windows user, because OS X is still terrible for games.
Not a BeOS but definately up there with Windows and OS-X, maybe better.
OS/X: Because making Unix user-friendly was easier than debugging Windows
They give up in frustration because they expect OS X to act like Windows.
Mac OS X has astonishingly better multimedia performance than Windows XP.
Obviously the first reason is because it is OS X not Windows (any flavor).
Flash performance on Windows is an order of magnitude better than on OS X.
I agree with Sahil Malik, the Windows approach is inferior to OS X scaling.
Yes, the reason you see Linux as Windows meets OS X is because it runs .exe
Interestingly Python on Windows appears to do better than Python on Mac OS X.
Acting like this is some kind of "Windows is better than OS X" thing is silly.
Apple offers real value because OS X is a better operating system than Windows
I have the opinion that OS X as an operating system is far superior to Windows.
OS X has an arguably better user experience than windows, and it's "teh pretty".
Windows no longer sucks because OS X (and Linux) beat the living crap out of it.
No longer can OS X users laugh at Windows because its "ugly"... - by Kashmir5309
OS X is also much better at power management than Windows, this is a good thing.
exFAT also offers better cross-platform support, such as between Windows and OS X.
I like OS X because it feels more natural than any Windows edition I've used so far.
I suppose I could reboot everyday, but I like to pretend OS X is better than Windows.
I'd rather see why its better than Windows, Solaris, or OS X, not fellow OSS distros.
Developers will NOT stop supporting Mac OS X because "Mac users can just run Windows."
Mac OS X has a better user interface than Windows, better security and is more stable.
That's a useful distinction because in Mac OS X, an application opens multiple windows.
All other computer users, and we are the majority, are better served by Windows or OS X.
I believe OS X is objectively better than Windows, but only by the narrowest of margins.
And it is a fact that all the Adobe Applications run way better under Windows then OS X.
In a perfect world all these games would run in OS X, and BETTER than they do in Windows.
That the MBP 17 handles Mac OS X much better than Windows is just the nature of the beast
If so, that's a nice option because it creates native bundles for Windows, OS X and Linux.
Mac OS was still better than Windows then, but OS X really put the gas pedal to the metal.
Some people will find OS X easier or better whilst there are people who prefer Windows 10.
Unfortunately, this seems to work better with Linux/Unix systems than with Windows or OS X.
So, Microsoft, you're even losing on price + a better OS experience on OS X than Windows 8.
Mac OS X and the hardware it uses works together better then windows/Linux and its hardware.
I like Mac OS X also because it's a Unix-like OS, which feels less messy to me than Windows.
Apple Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite and Microsoft Windows 10, which is the better operating system?
Default Folder X makes OS X Better It's no secret that OS X Finder windows have serious flaws.
If you picked MP3, MP4, OGG, and the like, OS X is much better than Windows at interoperating.
It was argued that comparisons didn't work because Mac OS X had different demands than Windows.
When Microsoft announced Windows 7, I actually thought it looked better than OS X (I use OS X).
I like OS X, but it's not in any regard more advanced or better than Linux, FreeBSD or Windows.
OS X has a better handle on this than Windows does at the moment, especially with Windows Vista.
Eh, I looked, none of those links are really helpful, especially because I'm on OS X not Windows.
Windows 7 has arrived, and after only two weeks it is apparently selling better than Mac OS X 10.6.
The VVRML plugin requires runs on any Windows system or better (better includes Mac OS X and Linux).
That's because the Haptic is compatible with any Darwin OS, including both Windows and Apple's OS X.
It doesn't really matter if I'm booted into Windows or OS X, because everything is always available.
Apple preempted Windows XP's launch by several weeks, releasing Mac OS X 10.1 to much better reviews.
id say the main reason most orgs arent doing OS X (some are), is because the Windows guys know Windows.
Windows user wanting to make the switch Well, a better solution would be to use MS Office for Mac OS X.
I will simply say : no, people will only see os X is not better than windows and will simply reject it.
In the Windows and OS X installers these files could be put somewhere, because they are useful for users.
Windows seems to do much better at wireless auto settings than OS X, at least that has been my experience.
PcPer: How do you think performance in Ubuntu compares to BSD, Windows or Mac OS X? How could it be better?
1) People move to OS X because Windows, including 7, has more problems and nuisances than I care to mention.
Exactly if running OS X under OS X and then Windows software will allow for better security I can not guess.
(Second Life specifies a cable or DSL connection, Windows XP or Vista on a PC, or Mac OS X 10.4.11 or better.
This 8GB drive gives you fast transfers and driverless support for Windows ME and better, Mac OS X, and Linux.
OS X and its shiny case may be better than Windows on a ThinkPad to some extent, but it's not worth $500 more.
It's also OS dependant, because I could control de audio of my DAC on both Windows and Ubuntu, but not on OS X.
In my opinion it's still better designed and more productive than Windows Vista, any Linux DE, or even Mac OS X.
Windows 8 machines, and the cheaper OS X machines higher up the price ladder are way better at media production.
But OS X integration is not much better than running the Windows binary in Wine ... -  iolsmit Oct 4 '12 at 0:27
I think I only know because I read most of Mac OS X Tiger: The Missing Manual when I switched over from Windows.
The "System Type" of your copy of Windows needs to be 64-bit, because Mac OS X Lion is a 64-bit operating system.
I also think it's rather ignorant to say "os x is better than windows" because they're two different environments.
Many of us use Windows or OS X at home instead of Linux because the games we love just are not available on Linux.
OS X (and any other respectable OS, like Windows/Linux) know way better how to manage your RAM than this app does.
@Sam Brown: Next time you're buying a new machine, consider a Mac Pro because it can run Windows, Linux, and OS X.
By Matthew Broersma, Techworld Windows is more secure than you think, and Mac OS X is worse than you ever imagined.
In my opinion the oxygen icon theme is a lot better than Windows 7's icon theme and is on par with OS X icon theme.
Those guidelines that Winstripe follows are only followed because the OS X style and the Windows XP style coincided.
Preview (OS X), foxit (windows), and xpdf/kpdf/gpdf/ghostview/etc all view pdfs much better than Adobe's PDF viewer.
For instance C# is a much bigger success than Objective C because Windows XP is a much bigger success than Mac OS X.
for tips on how to write to Windows files from OS X and how to reprogram the Mac keyboard to work better in Windows.
I still prefer Linux because performance on it is amazing (same goes for Mac OS X), but use Windows out of necessity.
The freedom from virus scans and the shear speed of an os that actually works better than windows or os x in my mind.
"Easy access to NTFS drivers is more desirable than ever, because Boot Camp lets users dual-boot into OS X and Windows.
I have an easier time figuring things out on Windows or Linux than I do on OS X because I use them much more frequently.
x86 processors are usually used in desktop computers, running Windows or OS X, because they're faster and more powerful.
And, overall, there is more bang for the buck because many items are included with OS X that you don't get with Windows.
The GTK interface works on Windows or Mac OS X, but a native interface for these systems would give a better experience.
I take a lot of flack from some people for liking Linux and being curious about OS X, just because I don't like Windows.
OS X just isn't so much better than Windows that I would give up all the benefits of the X86/x64 platform just to run it.
This is good because RedHat and Fedora updates come out on a daily basis, not monthly or bi monthly like OS X or Windows.
This is an excelent reason to move over, I find latex support in windows to be abismal, and only slightly better in OS X.
I don't have anything against android, but its just like mac os x vs windows vs linux as in what I get along with better.
I replaced the Python 2.7.2 installation on the Windows VM with Python 2.6.7, because it hasn't shown the problem on OS X.
Setting a server up in Mac OS X is "more involved" than in Windows because an executable file has not been made available.
That's like spurning OS X solely because the min/max/close buttons are on a different side than Windows users are used to.
Observe that even though Mac OS X has a better image than Windows nobody calls iPhone OS X or even iPhone iOS in marketing.
Windows somehow dominates over Mac OS X, yet there is no argument that could be made that Windows is a better OS than OS X.
I use both Mac OS X 10.8.4 and Windows 7. People that claim one is infinitely superior to the other are kidding themselves.
I've been using OS X for about 9 months now and don't see what it does that is so much better than either Windows or Linux.
I didn't make much of it, because as an indie game developer it's easier to get noticed on Mac OS X or Linux than on Windows.
That's where menu inconsistencies occur, and you haven't really proved that menus are better organized in OS X versus Windows.
This is caused because OS X is saved in the SSD part of Fusion Drive and Windows is installer in the HDD part of Fusion Drive.
The dialog we just designed will look exactly the same on Linux, Windows, and Mac OS X because we stylized it so aggressively.
And because Apple hasn't allowed it access to key pathways in Mac OS X , Flash is much slower on the Mac than it is on Windows.
There are malware written for OS X but they never get very far because security is baked into the OS a lot better than Windows.
Usually when I see "Cannot resize..." it is because the Windows partition was too small, or they need more room for OS X files.
Storage issues aside, most experts believe that the plist method of OS X is superior to the configuration mechanism of Windows.
The trackpad in my opinion is pretty bad, but it's better in OS X than in Windows or Linux due to the community drivers for it.
Operating Systems like Linux discriminate against women because of a built in difficulty compared with Windows and Apple's OS X.
I now notice things about Windows that would have never bothered me before, because OS X is just so perfect compared to Windows.
Despite the rise of the Macintosh virus, the situation is still dramatically better for OS X users than it is for Windows users.
Visions of "Mac OS X for Intel" making major inroads against Windows simply because it's a better operating system are fantasies.
Does this mean that Linux users will now be in a better position to video chat/conference with their Windows/OS X using friends ?
You Windows guys should try OS X. You'll be left longing for it and having distaste for Windows because it gets in your way DAILY.
On a side note, I can take or leave Windows and OS X on the desktop, I'm happy with both, but OS X on laptops is totally superior.
We suspect that Safari 4 does better under OS X, however, so the poor Windows result probably won't matter to most Safari users.'"
Also, the DNS Service plug-in part that offers Bonjour network discovery now purportedly works much better on Mac OS X and Windows.
Vista did okay right away because the Windows/Microsoft fanatics bought it, just like the Mac OS X/Apple fanatics do with Mac OS X.
(I'll add that Firefox, in my opinion, works better, or at least fits in better, on Windows and on Linux than it does on Mac OS X.)
This is similar to the argument that Windows is more secure than OS X because it's been attacked more and is now far more hardened.
Going to work on OS X and coming home to WinNT made coming home feel better, because until Vista, I could still have all my windows.
FYI I use a Macbook Pro running windows in a VM because I do actually prefer OS X and pretty much always have, though Win 7 was nice.
ha) and windows vista on my macbook pro (along side of os x of course)... because i do a lot of autocad/solidworks stuff on the side.
So indeed, Linux should try to follow their lead, since their audio experience is much better than what Linux, OS X and Windows have.
There's no way I will be designing OS X style (or the over-abused word 'Aqua') icons for Windows because that is NOT their main style.
OS X is superior Windows XP so why not make it available for all PC's?? Sure you might lose some of your hardware market share, right?
You know, it's almost as if Apple deliberately makes shitty drivers, in a desperate attempt to prove that OS X is better than Windows.
I don't know if this is what you mean, but OS X Panther's new Finder windows threw me off at first because of the sidebar on the left.
Lastly... it might be an Internet Explorer/Windows thing because everything look just fine on my end and I'm using Mac OS X and Safari.
OS X is a little fiddlier, and Windows fiddlier still (because each window has its own associated keycap), but it's nothing outrageous.
Open GL) on those platforms, AND because you don't have the same amount of options (titles) on OS X as you do with consoles or Windows.
So take your Mac fanboi I'm so superior attitude elsewhere (even if you are technically right on Mac OS X - It IS better than Windows).
Windows XP, Windows Vista, Mac OS X, a linux distro (probably not, because I doubt you would be asking for specs in this case), etc...?
One of the main reasons I now run a Mac and OS X was because I got tired of dealing with all the problems involved with running Windows.
Most people who are serious about intermingling OS X and Windows will be much better off with one of these packages than with Boot Camp.
Life is still much better for a developer on Windows than on Mac OS X - no matter what one might think of the usability, etc. of Windows.
Even better, Thunderbird 3 is compatible with the search engines of both Windows and Mac OS X and you can use those to search your mailbox.
These sources do not work well for Windows or Mac OS X, because those platforms need packages that supply pre-built, third-party libraries.
Speed is excellent and rendering is better than I had expected, though the improvements are of a lesser degree on Windows than on Mac OS X.
All of it basically boils down to much better software (Windows 8, Mac OS X Mountain Loin) and hardware being released in the coming months.
I ended up turning off the "Use OS Look and Feel" option because I'd rather use a decent Windows style app (on the Mac) than a bad OS X app.
Certain aspects of Apple's Mac OS X are "complete and utter crap" and "worse than Windows", according to Linux kernel creator Linus Torvalds.
Some solutions offer WebDAV access, which is nice because both Windows and OS X can mount WebDAV volumes on the desktop just like other disks.
That's because Windows or Mac OS X will require you to run out and spend $$$$ on the latest version of the OS, or buy a freaking new computer.
Could it handle a dual boot with Windows and OS X? Today would you still recommend the E7500 or better options are still in the $150-200 range?
That's because OS X has always bundled up applications into one folder, instead of scattering their files all over the place like windows does.
Either way its still a win for Apple because they still get to sell their Macs even if it is running Windows, preinstalled with OS X of course.
Over the last few years, Microsoft has co-opted many of the better innovations of Apple's Mac OS X, making Windows 7 the most Mac-like Windows yet.
It is just astounding that anyone uses Windows machines at all anymore, given that both OS X and Linux are of such overwhelmingly superior quality.
The situation was different on Mac OS X, because while for Windows, the patches came from Oracle, on Mac OS X, the patches were delivered by Apple.
I suspect this is due to better support for Roaming Profiles in our environment for Windows, so I'm trying to improve that a bit for the OS X user.
Ubuntu provides a desktop environment that I find to be superior to that of Windows of OS X - although there's still plenty of room for improvement.
So an NTSF-formatted hard drive, for instance, will have read-only privileges in Windows, because that's all that Mac OS X can do with NTSF drives.)
The cost of Windows or OS X is trivial for users because they basically come with the computer (depending on whether you go PC or Apple, of course).
About a third thought Windows 7 was better than Mac OS X 10.6, a third thought the two were neck-and-neck, and a third gave the nod to Snow Leopard.
So you don't like an application, Launchpad, that is bundled with OS X. that's like saying Windows 7 sucks because Windows Media Player is pointless.
Racer is not anywhere near as advanced as LFS.. Mostly because Racer and all of it's ports (windows, Linux and Mac OS X) are being made by one person.
While GNOME is superior on a lot of things over Windows & Mac OS X, it still has a long road to walk till it really becomes a "paid-for" like desktop.
But then we'll need better security in Linux and OS X (both of which are apparently already far more secure than Windows, but do have vulnerabilities).
That's why I agree that Windows 8 may actually push people towards the Mac, because ironically, OS X will be more familiar to Windows users than Metro.
This is especially true if you are installing the system yourself because I believe that most Linux distros are easier to install than OS X or Windows.
So i thought this was probably because the USB is connected by software (its connected to a Windows machine and simulated trough Virtualbox onto OS X).
OS X is actually very simple to use, the only reason it'll take somebody a while to learn it is because everyone will try to do things the Windows way.
If you want the flexibility to share displays with Mac OS X and Windows PCs and don't mind a little performance hit, iDisplay may be the better choice.
Windows 7 and Mac OS X both provide tangibly better solutions for enabling management of applications with multiple windows from their respective docks.
A computer works because it is compiled with various components, such as software programmed to show a windows (or a Mac OS X) desktop with flashy icons.
Every theme here is either jarring because it's got both light and dark areas on the window chrome, or is a clearly uninspired ripoff of OS X or Windows.
I would argue however that Linux is better positioned to win the enterprise business away from Windows than Mac OS X, because this is all about business.
(This call is not required on Mac OS X because, on Mac OS X, the root control will be created automatically for windows which have at least one control.)
I'm only guessing this because I was bitching to a coworker yesterday that this is a feature that Windows and Mac OS X should have had from the beginning.
As for the switch to Windows, many media professionals prefer OS X because the tools are (in their opinion) better / more productive in OS X than Windows.
You can buy much cheaper laptops, but I personally do not think you can get a better machine and it runs OS X, (with Windows and Linux on virtualisation).
Xpress DV ships with both the OS X and the Windows XP software, although you can run only one version at a time because the program requires a USB dongle.
Linux is well-known for its superior security compared with Windows and Mac OS X, and many of those advantages carry over onto Android--and the Galaxy Tab.
They love OS X because it's nice and shiny and 'just works' and hate Windows because it's far from shiny and is still fraught with problems left and right.
The flaw is a lack of scaling, something Mac OS X wasn't immune to when Apple launched Retina Display MacBook Pros but it still works better than Windows 8.
Apple is trying to keep a disciplined approach toward it's computing environments because it doesn't want the same chaos in the OS X arena that windows has.
Thankfully OS X is a security beast when compared to Windows and offers users much better protection from common infections than most PC users are afforded.
Charles, are you saying that because Windows and Linux allow Netbeans to work one way, and OS-X does it differently, one can say OS-X is worse than Windows?
I'm focusing in Linux distros rather than Mac OS X or other BSD/Unix distros because the Linux world has the greatest number of POS alternatives to Windows.
Mac OS X is quite a bit better than that.... It's Unix, after all, and the number of patches per year that OS X needs is about a tenth of what Windows needs.
Mac OS X still remains safer than Windows because its relatively small installed base is a less attractive target for malicious hackers than Windows systems.
I do think the card is capable of full duplex, because I can both play and record at the same time, not only in Windows but also when using Audacity in OS X.
This is really handy if you have a ton of windows open and you want to clear Spaces up a bit to better combine or organize your virtual desktops in Mac OS X.
A Mac running Windows uses more power than a Mac running Mac OS X because Apple has not provided optimized drivers for Windows like PC OEMs do for their PCs.
People buy Macs simply because they are stylish--so buying one and putting Windows on it or putting OS X on a PC is utterly defeats the purpose of the OS-es.
With Windows your required to re-install every 12 months or so because it gets so bogged down and slow; but on OS X you just don't do that, you don't need to.
The new version of Windows Home Server provides more robust storage management and better backup options, including the ability to back up Mac OS X computers.
I don't want to indicate that whatever the majority says is always correct - the majority of people think any version of Windows is better than OS X or Linux.
I'd suggest you'd be better off keeping a clone of your windows installation and a separate clone/or TM backup of your OS X installation (on a separate disk).
If you've not had the chance to play our delightful, Zen-like re-genesis of the god game on Windows PC or Mac OS X, there's never been a better time to do so!
like i said i use linux and have worked on HPC installations and have used the ubiquitous windows, but i will not shy away from the fact that OS X is superior.
What Apple is betting on is that the user experience on Mac OS X is enough better that, when users get to try OSX and Windows side-by-side, they'll prefer OSX.
From my point of view, buying a Macbook and installing Windows and then slowly progressing into OS X is a better solution than buying a lesser Windows machine.
It's not possible to position the Chrome OS against other OSes like the forthcoming Windows 8 or Mac OS X because "it remains a crippled product," Enderle said.
If this news sounds familiar, it's because last month, rival measurement firm NetMarketShare found that Windows 8 market share had cruised past OS X in August .
And then, to fully emulate the Mac netbook experience - because I'm not interested in a tiny laptop if it's running Windows - I installed Mac OS X on the thing.
And because OS X (and later iOS) were not as ubiquitous as something like Windows, there was a large barrier to entry in people buying their first Apple product.
And, with Google Chromebooks getting better with each release, Android users may opt for the Chrome OS instead of Windows or OS X machines which are more costly.
GDS was an amazing productivity tool and will be sorely missed; it was and still is so much better than the native search faculties available on Windows and OS X.
I have a MacBook Air because it is a better computer even with less 'specs', but the difference between Android and iOS isn't as large as Windows to Mac OS X now.
If you want something with bells and whistles that locks you into a vendors idea of what your laptop should do (i.e. a Windows thats better than Windows) use OS X.
I wouldn't say OS X is better than Windows 7 (I prefer OS X but that's because I'm UNIX biased), but it's obvious that Windows 7 has a lot more effort put into it.
Windows 7 is arguably better than Apple OS X and people like it, now they are going to be faced with a new UI and years of Microsoft fiddling about to get it right.
I think the browsers are calling an OS routine to do the scaling and Mac OS X just has better scaling routines than Windows/Linux (although I have not tried Vista).
It'd be better if OS X just automatically resized your windows depending on which display you're using, but BetterSnapTool is about as close as you can get to that.
Support seems somewhat better in Windows (though it seems bizarre; Windows apparently sees Thunderbolt for what it is, a transparent PCIe bridge, Mac OS X doesn't).
The BIOS options are enabled by default on Macs because of the prevalence of Windows/OS X dual-boot configurations, which more-or-less require BIOS support on Macs.
You get to dual-boot Mac OS X, the superior #1 operating system, and Windows, the OS people use to play The Sims. "You actually receive "joy" from using OS 10? Wow.
Windows user wanting to make the switch Using os x mail is a much better choice due to superior junk mail handling and the integration of all i apps with each other.
If you can bypass ASLR in Windows as was done, it doesn't seem as though full ASLR (as Windows advocates say) is much better than the partial ASLR that Mac OS X has.
Performance in Mac OS X should be similar to Windows, but certain parts of OpenGL have been shown to be faster than Direct3D so you may see a bit better performance.
In a back-to-front way of making Mac fans feel better, I'll start bymaking everyone feel slightly worse, taking a small potshot at Windows, OS X and Linux fans alike.
Anyway, I'll just hold the Option key (I always did that to choose Mac OS X instead of Windows because Windows was the primary start up disk) and choose Mac OS X DVD.
The ODAC is USB Audio Class 1 (UAC1) compliant because it's the only standard that allows native 24/96 support in Windows, OS X and Linux without any special drivers.
For the longest time my wife and I had the debate of Mac OS X vs. Windows, a debate that never really went anywhere because to her it don't matter as long as it works.
Also, because of the availability of the game, to be played on Windows , Mac OS X, Android, iOS or Linux makes it a great choice for those who want a fun game to play.
Mint is also a good candidate because its default configuration could be said to be more like Windows than other desktops, giving any OS X-like additions great impact.
I have to run the Windows version of Ventrilo client because the Ventrilo server I'm using is set to use the GSM codec, which the OS X Ventrilo client doesn't support.
Apple customers pay this premium because they think the melding of great hardware with Apple's solid software (OS X and iLife) is worth it over a Windows-based machine.
The answer is no, Mac OS X does not rebroadcast recently-connected infrastructure networks in ad-hoc mode; Windows XP does it because of a misimplementation of RFC 3927.
Could it be to help Intel make a processor better suited to OS X, or to design a coprocessor that differentiates the Mac sufficiently to make it outrun Windows computers?
re: OS/X stud (7:26am EST Thu Jan 06 2005) don't you mean if windows lose 2% marketshare to Apple... because If apple gains 2% of its marketshare... that's like 3 people.
Come on now, just because hardcore gaming is my predominant on the Windows platform, doesn't mean you should exclude other mobile platforms such as OS X or Android/Chrome.
It's quite complicated but it does generally work better than the Windows way of doing this as you will notice the lack of attacks compromising UNIX systems like Mac OS X.
If you have an existing codebase that runs on OS X and Windows, the odds are that you are using Carbon a lot more than Cocoa, so WineLib would probably be a better choice.
What Daniel does here, and hopefully from time to time I do on my blog, is show people what is better in OS X and why compared to primarily Windows since it has the market.
while roughly 100 vulnerabilities have been revealed in Mac OS X this year, this is still dwarfed by those in Windows, mainly because of Apple's automatic updating software
I really hate small characters looking purple and green on Windows, much more than a little fuzziness on OS X. Adobe Flash has even worse sub-pixel rendering then cleartype.
the distrogue: Windows and OS X aren't perfect (or BSD or Haiku or whatever), but there are distributions that would be better suited to a complete Linux newbie than Ubuntu.
It is quite possible that even if a Mac OS X system were also tested, that the Windows system would score higher, despite Mac OS X having better usability, strictly speaking.
The reason is simple: they would never promote the idea of OS X on generic Intel computers because it would drastically diminish Windows presence on those very same machines!
FireFox is less "OS-X-y" (James Duncan Davidson won't run it because it feels like a Windows program to him ... and it sure could use a few more glowing curvy glass buttons!).
Although this makes it look far better than Mac OS X and even Windows XP , some users find it hard to distinguish between their applications when they all have the same title.
"and the fact that they yielded to these requests is interesting because they've emphasized the OS X and Windows experiences as being completely separate for quite some time."
Office on OS X is far better then the one on Windows (many a times office has crashed on Win than on Mac(never) .. and Entourage is quite "beautiful" and useful to work with).
From my observation, Linux and OS X sys admins generally do a better job at managing Windows servers and AD domains than most freshly or not-so-fresh minted Windows sys admins.
I don't think anyone has claimed OS X was technically superior to Windows and Linux for many years - it's been refuted too thoroughly for anyone to take such a claim seriously.
Of course, after making the switch, many Windows users end up finding suitable--or superior--OS X replacements for their favorite software, and become full-time Mac OS X users.
The standards-compliant Safari on Mac OS X and Firefox on numerous platforms often work better with these sites than does Microsoft Corp.'s (MSFT) Internet Explorer on Windows.
Mac OS X, for example, is not in the same market as Windows because Apple does not sell it to computer manufacturers, like Sony or Dell who are the main customers for Microsoft.
Make sure to select the correct operating system from the download page because the application is available in 3 different versions, for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.
It should be noted that people use Linux primarily because it's cheap or free and runs on all sorts of hardware architectures - neither can be said of either Windows or Mac OS X.
Unfortunately targeting either under the campaign is pointless.. people, in general, don't love OS X because it's closed-up any more than they hate Windows because it's closed-up.
And by the way, included software and protection from virus attacks are crucial and those features alone make Snow Leopard (and all versions of OS X) vastly superior to Windows 7.
The fact is that DOSBox is so well written is that it runs WordPerfect under 64-bit Windows or OS X far better than anything else does, and that's why I'm asking for help with it.
Not knowing what you mean by "limited features", I can't address that, but having used iTunes on both Windows and OS X, I can say that OS X is the better environment to run it in.
Installing OS X with Virtualbox on Windows is more difficult than doing it with VMWare Fusion in OS X, because Windows virtualization programs do not "officially" support Mac OS X.
This could be because OS X is a more secure system, or simply because there are so few Macs in relation to Windows PCs that malicious programmers don't bother targeting the Mac OS.
It, in fact, discourages developers from learning the OS X toolkits because for games because they can just write one Windows version and slap Cider on it and sell it for OS X too.
I'm focusing on hybrid rather than WebOS-only PCs because I can't imagine HP giving up its Windows PC business, any more than Apple is giving up its Mac OS X business as iOS soars.
The attached USB cable simply plugs in to any available USB socket onyour computer and because the keyboard is Class compliant, installation is automatic in Windows XP and Mac OS X.
As an OS X user I hav tied running X windows as an alternative to the normal cocoa environment but have turneed an run simply because it seems so archaic next to what i normally use.
I have a super-computer so there's no-one who can say it was because of my configuration... MAC OS X is wonderful... Windows XP is... so-so... Windows Vista is a little bit better...
does work on my iMac (in Windows 7 64; OS X untested thus far) that has upgraded to FF 18. Again, though, not a satisfactory answer or solution because it is not my primary computer.
There are some tests that are skipped in test_xmlrpc because of (apparent) Windows socket quirks; should they also be skipped for OS X PPC, or should the flaky tests just be scrapped?
For the laptop, there were a couple tweaks I had to do so it would support solid state disks better, but otherwise it works just as well as Mac OS X or Windows would, and even better!
You can write an application quickly (because it's also visual interface builder) and create fully native, compiled applications for Windows 98-XP, Linux, Mac OS X and Classic Mac OS.
Of course, some of the slow performance might be because the iMac is optimized for OS X instead of the Windows Vista operating system we needed to install to run the benchmark program.
The advantages of OS X Server are completely seperate from that of an Xserve and what it can do better/worse than Windows Server 200x entirely depends on what you want the server to do.
I've mostly used the blu ray drive under windows 7 because of the lack of software support under os x, but I have downloaded the trial version of the playback software from the article.
Well that's for Windows because the way it writes files it breaks them all up, OS X doesn't do that on small files, so it eliminates the need for MOST users to require a regular defrag.
Leading security expert Dino Dai Zovi is telling Mac fans the news they don't want to hear - that Windows Vista is better than the current version of Mac OS X from a security standpoint.
We've seen in the past that OS X gets substantially better battery life with MacBooks than Windows, but we're at least able to run the same workloads so the tests are more or less "fair".
One could argue that Windows is even worse in this regard because it zoom to fullscreen with maximize but this is only a very weak consolation and I'm talking about OS X only here anyway.
I do need Windows for my applications because I only changed to OS X very recently (luckily, in October, Cider is scheduled to be out, lowering the barriers between Windows games and OS X)
Pro tip: as with any time you're looking at photos, it works better if you've put your browser into full-screen mode, usually by typing ctrl-shift-F on Windows and cmd-shift-F on Mac OS X.
Many Mac users wind up installing Windows into BootCamp because of the lack of software for OS X, plus they need to hone their Windows skills to get a job as 99% of businesses use Windows.
The advantage over Windows and OS X is that Linux (name your favorite distro) is free and that forums such as this one do a fine job--even a better job than corporate customer service reps.
Rather, Apple hopes that upwardly mobile PC owners will load Windows on its classier hardware, then eventually switch to OS X rather than hurt their eyes staring at Microsoft's inferior OS.
Using the full program on OS X is indeed infinitely better than the free trial version run on the Basilisk II emulator, but I can honestly say the same about running it natively on Windows!
These features are essential for large scale transaction processing and make Mac OS X 10.3 Server "a superior alternative to the Microsoft Windows OS" in enterprise applications, Salas said.
While this kind of thing is typical in third-party Windows applications (probably because the Windows user interface is so lacking and prime for improvement), on Mac OS X, it's an impediment.
The release features a number of new features, including "true support" for multiple monitors and improved 3D graphics, and better integration of the Windows apps with the Mac OS X interface.
But I always end up coming back to OS X because I like things to just work and I find OS X far, far more intuitive than any version of Windows I've encountered - and I've encountered them all.
The UI is plain and simple, probably because this is a multi-platform application (Windows, Linux, and Solaris in addition to Mac OS X) that shares a lot of code between the different flavors.
Apple controls iPhone app development -- largely because it can , don't get me wrong -- but Mac OS X is as open to third party software development as Windows, Linux, or any other form of Unix.
To entirely switch platforms whether it is Windows/OS X/PS3/360/Android/iPhone/Windows Phone 7 has cost involved because they all hook the customer in with purchases made for that one platform.
If you really need the superior quality-per-bit, and you don't want to rely on your customers having a certain codec installed -- might fly for OS X, certainly won't for Windows -- you license.
My company's software can't be installed on Windows nor OS X because of this one and it's... well, quite problematic , as our customers require the Windows version (and most probably OS X too).
Why should Windows keep such a firm grip on everyone, just because some proprietary software is not available on OS X? I can understand completely why some people would like to take this option.
"Microsoft needs to price Windows in a way that looks smart versus Apple's OS X, doesn't leave money on the table with commercial PC customers, and enables OEMs to compete better with the iPad."
Once you dig into Mac OS X, you will find it so much better, in so many small but significant ways (and some big ones too) that you will find yourself be really annoyed by Windows' shortcomings.
Despite the extra work required to set up properly, I like Linux due to its superior configurability (way cooler than Mac or Windows) and have made it play nice with my networked Mac OS X minis.
Mac OS X has no value for these people-it has negative value, since they have to run Boot Camp and install Windows themselves-but they will tolerate that because the hardware makes it worthwhile.
Thanks Si for this belated release news on TrueCrypt, a week old but better late than never eh? TrueCrypt is a free open-source disk encryption software for Windows Vista/XP, Mac OS X, and Linux.
Perhaps due to their high market penetration, or maybe because of poor coding, Adobe Flash [2] and Java have emerged as the two most widely attacked platforms on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux alike.
The new operating system also features improvements under the hood designed to bolster its Unix underpinnings and to allow Mac OS X systems to fit in better on Windows-dominated corporate networks.
Other features appearing in the Aurora release of Firefox 22 include better display scaling options on Windows, download progress in the Mac OS X dock and adjustable playback rates for HTML5 video.
If you want to test how it is to use Mac before upgrading to original Mac OS X I wouldn't recommend this theme because it still has Windows functionality and you will not get the full Mac experience.
I don't think that OS x has locked the minds and the thinking, it realy does the opposite, it unlocks, it opens the eyes and shows the world that there is something better than Windows and Microsoft.
On Mac OS X, the " Character Palette " provides similar (but superior) functionality to Character Map on Windows, and will allow Venda characters to be easily located and entered into any application.
As for my gaming rig not working if I had really cared I would have bought the better video card my only real use for the computer was gaming in Windows getting OS X functional was a passing interest.
files (divx or xvid) in Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista), Linux/BSD/UNIX or OS X. BananaSplitter works across all these platforms because it's written in Java, so you will need to have Java installed.
Other changes include compatibility updates for Mac OS X server guests, improved SATA performance, better command line parsing of the installer on Windows systems and fixes for several VirtualBox 3.2.0
A craptacular Mac Mini the bastard child of Steve Jobs and Jeff Goldblum that runs windows better than OS X, which now runs the Digg swarm screensaver and plays movies/makes invoices when I sell things.
os X with bad drivers will simply sucks, as windows, maybe worse (you cannot write a good os x drivers simply because you know how to write good windows drivers, you need to learn, it's time consuming).
The new release features more convenient and precise placement of windows, moving of open windows between monitors, Mac OS X-style task switching and other functions for better comfort in everyday work.
How to customize the MathematicaClosingDialog.nb? @m_goldberg I do not think this dialog exists under OS X, because it depends on the fact that under Windows MMA 10 has a menu bar in each notebook window.
OS X is a much much better OS than any windows os but apple hardware is over priced that's why I have a hackintosh for my main setup that way my video card, CPU and all that stuff is affordable to upgrade.
no mention of Windows 7? which is of course the 2nd of version of Vista, the one that "doesn't suck" because it is an even more obvious knock-off of the OS X UI ... would have fit the theme of the article.
Mr. Mossberg wrote Mac OS X is "packed" with extras Windows lacks, with multimedia programs "that canit be matched on Windows at any price", and has a "better free browser and e-mail program than Windows."
I always use the default Documents/Music/Pictures folders on OS X but over the years I have avoided using the Windows equivilent because I knew it would shift and I'd have to learn the new placement again.
Those 50+ Windows-based video games won't go to waste because the new iMacs have Intel-based processors, allowing the intrepid user to run both Apple OS X and Windows XP, which we already have on the Dell.
That said, when I worked at the AppleCentre, I had one chap come in one day who had tried and tried with Mac OS X and had no joy as he explained to me how and why he found Windows suited him so much better.
We'll only know if Sugar succeeds when it's in the hands of a lot of kids, but the idea that the Windows and OS-X UIs are just great, and why would anyone think there could be anything better is ridiculous!
If you're wondering at the shorthand 'g' rather than 'git' it's because I use oh-my-zsh with the git plugin (the dev VM I use at work runs Ubuntu and it also plays nice with OS X. Windows users can suck it).
The problems with Windows Vista and the extended life of Windows XP proved an opportunity for Apple, which was able to offer a better user experience and fewer security headaches with the Unix-like Mac OS X.
I thought the triple-boot install order was 1. os x 2. linux 3. windows I know it must work because I just installed ubuntu netbook edition with grub on the /boot partition, and I could boot it in chameleon.
I just spent the better part of the afternoon trying to get a Windows 2000 client to connect to a fresh OS X Server 10.1 install and wanted to pass on these observations and maybe save others some headaches:
I really wish they would have gone for something that fits better with Windows 8, the old theme was acceptable on 7 but atrocious with 8. (Meanwhile, Firefox fits in pretty well on OS X from what I've seen.)
Wrong, because once you create a patch, you can do anything to the machine, even registry settings, turning on or off of services, even converting a DOS or OS X into Windows 7 is possible with a single patch.
Even better, libfreespace devices shouldn't suffer the "partial support" problem so many of us have encountered - the library includes support for "Linux, Mac OS X, Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7.0."
We use OpenVPN for connections with Windows, Mac OS X, and other Linux systems, but there don't appear to be any OpenVPN clients for iPhones (presumably because there are no tun/tap interfaces available yet).
While Mac OS X has the advantage of having a port of Microsoft Office (and a better one than the Windows version IMO), it also has the advantage of having access to the wonderful world of open source software.
The whole idea that a desktop os should move towards smart devices is based on nothing (his examples of windows, os x, palm etc. are only refered to because he wants to make a point, not because they are true.)
We still have a bunch of Windows build servers because our build targets for most of our projects require it, but apart from a few in-house-built high performance NAS systems, all of our Unix boxes now run OS X.
As for another poster's question as to why I wouldn't want OS9; it's simply because OS X will do everything I did with Windows XP and I'd prefer not to waste my limited hard drive space on something I won't use.
I think it is interesting that in several usability aspects, Linux distributions are already far ahead Windows, comparable or even better than OS X. Mainly hardware and software installation, system transparency.
When my phone started ringing right next to me on my desk, I felt it rather than heard over a firefight in Mass Effect 3. - it works in Linux (I presume it works on Windows and OS X, because it say so on the box).
What I'm trying to say is this: sure, Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux users can chest thump over who has the best method of program management, but it's all for nought: none of those methods will get better this way.
New modern theming engine: New and complementary widgets that make use of platform-specific theming on Mac OS X and Windows to better fit in with those environments, and feature an improved look and feel under X11.
There is very far less assistive technology software available for Mac OS X than for Windows, partly because far fewer people use Mac computers and partly because the built-in accessibility meets more people's needs.
I think Boot Camp is a better choice than either of the methods available for running Windows 7 under Mac OS X. Windows in Boot Camp runs at least as well as on a dedicated PC (Actually, that is what you are doing.).
OS-X has almost eliminated all of its' 32 bit code, so it has problems now with older 32 bit apps., but will be faster and better than Windows for NOW, once the programs catch up and they release real 64 bit programs.
com/en/ download/) brought out a beta of its Workstation, which runs Windows inside Mac OS X. Expect to hear, through the wailing and gnashing of teeth, Mac people repeating Apple's assertion about 'superior hardware'.
In practice, the user experience is similar to running PC emulation software in that Windows runs side-by-side with Mac OS X, but because of Parallels' technology and the Mac's Intel underpinnings, it's much, much faster.
Second, I'm pretty sure that while Apple would prefer you run OS X on your Mac, they don't really care that much if you run Windows on it instead, because they get paid for the hardware, while they give away OS X for free.
D.Lee Beard starts a new series comparing Mac OS X.6 Snow Leopard to Windows 7. In this episode, he shows how to change file icons and the compares the ease of changing file icons in each operating system.Which is better???
However, there is a cost savings long-term because they won't have to spend additional money fighting viruses; replacing faulty boards and monitors and the OS X operating system is more robust than Windows or other systems.
I don't believe price can be an order of magnitude better (at least while Mac OS X is a differentiator for a slim line of hardware platforms, and while the effective cost of MS Windows is effectively zero for bundled deals).
They say the use OS X because of its flexibility (it can run software made for Mac, Unix, and Windows operating systems), the option of using the GUI or the command line (Terminal), and because they are secure out of the box.
for the opengl part, well, opengl performance on os x has always sucked and nvidias opengl drivers on windows/linux/... are far superior (including shader compiler optimizations at which apple should actually be good at ...).
They're going to buy a Mac because they've always wanted to try OS X, but they have a few stubborn applications that they need to run on Windows, and until now couldn't justify the risk of switching and losing access to them.
Try Linux, Solaris, Mac Os X and gain more knowledge on those things gradually...Windows survives because of Games only.They created a impression that its the user-friendly os... Mac is much more user friendly than Windows :).
Lexia Reading 7.1 is available for Mac OS X 10.4 or higher and Windows XP (SP3), Vista, and Windows 7. It requires 256 MB RAM, 500 MB hard disk space, 32 MB accelerated video graphics card or better, and a headset or speakers.
Improved ease of use through: better password management, easier add-on installation, new download manager with resumable downloading, full page zoom, animated tab strip, and better integration with Windows Vista and Mac OS X.
Other enhancements include a re-worked user interface which now fits in better with the host operating system/ For instance the OS X release now actually looks like an OS X application rather than a copy of the Windows version.
Pranay Kapadia, group product manager of QuickBooks for Mac and Mobile, explained that the financial application is different on Mac OS X than it is on Windows because the average customer for each product is different as well.
"I found that because of the high volume of malware directed to Windows environments [in general] and the significantly lower stream of malware targeted to OS X, they [OS X administrators] had an easier time detecting malware."
write better page ;) fix bugs above, if possible support Drag-and-Drop for Mac OS X edition support wildcard characters on Windows Explorer edition create filter-style program for UNIX user open the source with BSD style licence
- Improved ease of use through: better password management, easier add-on installation, new download manager with resumable downloading, full page zoom, animated tab strip, and better integration with Windows Vista and Mac OS X.
PDFKey Pro 4.3 offers improved support for files with digital signatures, better compatibility with partially corrupted files, enhanced Mac OS X and Windows integration, and simplified usage of the integrated command line tools.
I have been searching for a cross platform GUI application development framework (Same code for building Linux, Android, Windows apps and OS X) and I found Qt is best for that (Inspired because VLC media player is build with Qt).
making apps for iOS over Android because its easier I dont think I agree with, compare this to desktop computers, there are less models available running OS X compared to machines with Windows, yet windows gets more apps available
I've used Windows for over a decade longer than I've used OS X (got my first Mac for Final Cut Pro back in 2002), I know both operating systems backwards and forwards, and I believe that OS X has a much better UI for multitasking.
i saw this tutorial but some parts i have a question about.... (obviously because i am a newb :S ) i know this is probably a dumb question but, when i install mac os x it will replace my windows bootloader with the mac one correct?
The platform adds a much-needed 800MHz system bus (up from 667MHz), the option of caching system information on flash memory, and better integrated graphics with hardware support for the shaders used by both OS X and Windows Vista.
Windows makes it look similar to mac osx because thats what people one, the majority of the population see mac os x as the "best" so why would microsfot want to make their product look totaly different when its not what people want.
Given that all of the three major desktop/server OSes (Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux) use a page file or swap area to do much the same thing, you'd better get on the horn with all of those developers and tell them how wrong they are.
Rockwell Collins relies on ActiveState's ActiveTcl language distribution because it is a complete, ready‐to‐install commercial grade distribution that works cross‐platform with Windows, Linux and Mac OS X plus Solaris, AIX and HP‐UX.
Adobe's upcoming Flash Player 10.1 only provides hardware acceleration to Windows-based computers because Mac OS X " does not expose access to the required APIs " and Linux lacks a "developed standard API" for H.264 hardware decoding.
On a case insensitive file system (such as the standard file systems for Mac OS X and Windows), the SCM gets seriously confused because it is made to believe there are to files but the file system can only store one of them at a time.
While a dedicated app would be great, using a Remote Desktop Connection is way better (faster) than rebooting OS X into Boot Camp or using VMWare Fusion or Parallels to run Windows and then launching the Windows Home Server Dashboard.
You also have to factor in the impact of the OS; for example, Safari for Windows and Safari for Mac OS X have different bugs, so just because something works properly on one doesn't mean it will work without modification on the other.
I've never mentioned RealPlayer here although it is a well-known freeware because of the numerous negative experiences I've had with it crashing and then being difficult to remove from a Windows system (never installed it on Mac OS X).
Photoshop CS4 Extended Developer: Adobe ( product page ) OS support: Mac OS X 10.4.11 or better, Windows XP SP2, Windows Vista SP1 (Vista required for 64-bit support) Price: $999 for full version, $349 for upgrade ( shop for this title )
You may or may not be able to port a CHICKEN program to another Scheme, but you can port it from Windows to Mac OS X or Linux, or from the 32-bit Intel 386 to the 64-bit SPARC architecture, because CHICKEN runs in all those environments.
Window management, in terms of on-screen placement, is one of the Mac's weakest areas, and while OS X Lion's full-screen mode will be fine for focussing on a single task, Windows 7 does a lot better when it comes to multiple applications.
Why woukld you buy dozens or hundreds of Windows PCs and Windows O/S if the entire district is operating on MAC OS X? There's probably not many teachers with much experience on the Microsoft stuff, because Apple owns the education market.
And I am anticipating a screw up because I do not have my Mac OS X Lion installer with me (Laptop is company issued), I heard you can install bootcamp/windows 7 without the Mac OS X installer DVD by downloading Apple's drivers on the web.
Even though it is web-based, the remote access interface requires Windows Explorer 6 or better, which is not supported on Mac OS X. 4 While this is somewhat subjective, it indicates a general ability to access the functionality from a Mac.
It was much further advanced over Windows 3.1 (and Mac System 7) than Mac OS X is over Win XP today rather than being better at some things, it was clearly far and away a decade ahead of anything Microsoft was even announcing as vaporware.
"Since this software is available on UNIX (which Mac OS X is built on) and also on Windows (Intel hardware), is the Apple switch to Intel-based hardware going to better my chances for a MacOS CAD workstation, or will it remain a pipedream?"
And if they did employ the people, they'd still be stuck with closed proprietary code that cost them billions of dollars to write, that no one will buy because it serves no purpose that isn't already filled by either Windows, Linux or OS X.
If the whole point of the appeal of Mac OS X is that Mac software is better than Windows software - or at least better in the eyes of one segment of the market - what possible good would it do Apple to help that software run on Windows, too?
No actually I gave up with the windows version cause none of the buttons had writing on them unless I moved my mouse over them :S The os X version of 2.25 renders far better than the 2.23 version,but is just as slow... I've got a 1.2MB .blend
OS X did better on multimedia multitasking (and slightly better on boot time and shutdown time, though no one really cares that much about those), while Windows 7 unsurprisingly outdid Snow Leopard on 3D image rendering and gaming benchmarks.
It was likely chosen not only because of Unity's sophisticated 3D engine, but because a Unity web player plugin is available for all major browsers on Windows and Mac OS X, meaning the game doesn't have to go through a lengthy install process.
When I learned a few years ago that Mac OS X was essentially a distribution of Unix (and subsequently "defected" from the wretched world of Windows), I began the transition to needing to use different (and often superior) softwares for my work.
Music CDs were burned in Windows 7, Windows 8, and several incarnations of OS X with no issue, but oddly, iTunes performed slightly better in OS X Snow Leopard than in Lion or Mountain Lion, to the tune of seconds -- minor for sure, but notable.
The features that are key to me and implemented so much better in OS X are pretty basic, but very important: Multi-user support - It was tacked on in Windows, and due to their legacy support, is still not fully accepted and adhered to by developers.
This DJing application has been released for Windows , Mac OS X , iOS and Android , with some notable differences between the computer version and the one designed for mobile devices , not only because of the interface but the workflow and features.
This is simply because iPhone development requires a Mac running OS X and WP7 development requires a PC running Windows Vista or Windows 7. So, essentially, I have to buy another machine and/or another operating system if I want to do both," he says.
Of course, I don't know this - but I'd bet anything that the reason the OS X installer for Mozilla is 15mb compared to 9/10 for Windows/Linux is because OS X doesn't have the same concept of shared libs, so much more must be shipped with the product.
It is already a popular platform for building mobile apps because it can be distributed relatively easily across different platforms, including Apple's Mac OS X, iOS on iPads and iPhones, Google Android, RIM BlackBerry, Microsoft Windows and even TVs.
I'm a PC, only because a mac is a PC in the literal sense and I run os x, windows, linux, solaris, unix, etc.. My mac allows me to run all these operating systems because after all locking users ability to run multiple operating systems would be wrong.
There's instructions around here to turn on the built-in OS X VNC server (it's pretty straightforward), and a Windows VNC viewer (I linked to a Google search because I don't know a particular good viewer for Windows because I don't use VNC on Windows).
In the end, those were mistakes because within six months I was committed to the OS X platform 99.99% (I boot into Windows for two apps - ACDSee and MP3 Tag & Rename) and have since bought a MacBook Pro and am preparing to buy a Mac Pro as replacements.
Yes, because the PowerPC simply can't execute x86 code, the binary formats for windows and OS X are different even on the same architecture, and in the general case even the scripting architectures for the two operating systems are completely different.
In contrast, both Windows and OS X interpret a "hardwired" setting as "do nway, but refuse to negotiate anything but..." The result is almost always a duplex mismatch on the host end that is hard to diagnose because ifconfig says the card is set "right".
I've seen a few missing controller options, and pretty much every single one doesn't have surround sound support (but neither really does OS X, unless Apple stepped up with the MiniDP to HDMI option, I only have it in Windows because of my flashed 4890).
About Skype Skype, the Global Internet Communications Company(TM), allows people everywhere to make free, unlimited, superior quality voice calls via its award-winning innovative peer-to-peer software for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Pocket PC platforms.
No revenue whatsoever will be made from this and no losses will probably be felt for years, if the worst case scenario plays out of people seriously ditching Visual Studio and Windows for Xcode and Mac OS X because they want to develop iPhone applications.
Had Longhorn development gone better, Microsoft could have put up more of a fight against Apple's OS X. Windows XP may have been popular, but it was no question which operating system was more advanced when Windows XP was placed next to Apple's OS X Tiger.
And I don't mean to diminish anyone's accomplishments in the days before widespread live CDs; I just think it would a shame to scare away users who at least recognize that there are other, better choices for a desktop operating system than Windows or OS X.
Syncsort's Backup Express, which supports Unix, Linux, NetWare, Windows and Mac OS X host computers, offers not only integration with VMware's Consolidated Backup, but also a VMware Agent that the company claims is "superior" to VMware Consolidated Backup.
That said, SSDs that support the TRIM command and run under a TRIM-supported environment (Windows 7 and 8, OS X 10.6.8 or better, Linux 2.6.28 or better, plus a modern BIOS and drive controller that pass on the command) should wipe deleted data continually.
The profs use Macs so I'm pretty sure whatever we learnt can be done on a Mac just as well as a PC - only problem being that having a OS X or Unix is better than Windows because we had to use an emulation program and it doesn't always show the right results.
While it's true, that Windows has become an acceptable operating system of the last few years (and with the new features MS has stolen from OS X that will be included in Vista, I'm sure it will get better), it is still a third party OS on any machine it runs.
No only does everything appear brighter on PC monitors (because PC video cards have slightly different gamma standards), but the same content is rendered drastically different depending on whether you are using Quicktime for Windows or Quicktime for Mac OS X.
The iOS 7 theme for Windows 8 (and 7) is intended to emulate the look of Apple's mobile operating system, but because of the nature of Windows being a desktop-like environment (despite the recent touch-based support), it arguably appears more similar to OS X.
i forgot (11:10am EST Wed Jan 12 2005) Vegimon: "OS X doesn't have the spyware/adware/ virus problems of Windows" That's because the make no publicity out of it, they they start saying that they are web-safe, the whole hackercommunity will turn onto them, lol
If I read Apple's Software License Agreement correctly I am not violating it when I boot my iMac with Windows or Linux and use VMware Workstation to run MAC OS X as a virtual machine, because in this case I run only one copy on a single Apple-branded computer.
However, some of those who did try, and succeeded, expressed concerns that their machine might overheat, because (they suggested) Windows XP does not have the low-level hardware control programs used by Apple's OS X to turn the machine's cooling fans on and off.
I?m hung up on the question of how any OS that lets you do everything Windows does could compete with the iPad, because the iPad?s appeal and success is largely forged by the advantages that come from not allowing you to do so many of the things Mac OS X can do.
Regarding the concerns that adding a Windows API to Mac OS X would cause developers to stop writing for Mac OS X, I think this shows a certain lack of true belief that Mac OS X is truely a superior operating system that offers capabilties not available elsewhere.
Responding to a reader email about his impression of a MacBook Pro one year into use, Jason Cross says that there are plenty of things OS X does very well, and better than any version of Windows, but the thing he hates most about using a Mac are the "Apple fans."
Actually I use macs because I just like the OS X UI and such better, and OS X has Unix-like stuff under the hood that I already know how to use rather than Windows NT-based stuff that I don't know much about and don't like based on what little I do know about it.
We have recently made a number of extensions to the emulator, including loadable packet schedulers, support for better MAC layer modeling, the inclusion in PlanetLab, and development of Linux and Windows versions in addition to the native FreeBSD and Mac OS X ones.
I suppose a better way to rephrase that question, if I install Window's 7 on a partition that I created with bootcamp, I know that I'll be able to reboot and use the window's partition, but will I be able to be in Mac OS X and still access/run windows like a parallel?
It's a little odd that the video really says nothing about Windows, and is basically an add for "I like the look of the HP best among the computers I can afford," rather than "Windows machines are better than OS X machines," but that will be lost on the average viewer.
All 360Works plug-ins are designed to run on Mac OS X (PowerPC and Intel) as well as on Windows and there is never a charge for switching/cross-grading, because the 360Works plug-in package includes both Windows and Mac versions, and the same license keys work on both.
As for me, I am a Linux user and certainly I haven't switched from Windows to Linux because it's gratis (I could use gratis software on Windows or OS X as well), but because I care about using libre software or at least non-libre software that respects my digital rights.
A recent column by Robert Cringely points to the possibility of Mac systems running the most secure Windows Vista installations, while Microsoft engineers made statements suggesting that Vista will be superior to Mac OS X, causing current Mac users to abandon Apple's OS.
A distribution of Linux that is nevertheless free, and the best of both worlds running from Windows and OS X. Easy for basic tasks, but gets EXTREMELY difficult to master in terms of installing certain drivers, and because quite a bit of the OS has to be done by command line.
When I recently explained one of the many reasons why I prefer desktop Linux to Windows, even over my favorite desktop Windows, XP SP3, I got a lot of people telling me I was full of hooey because I barely even mentioned Mac OS X. Good enough, here's my take on Apple's Mac OS X.
Rob Pegoraro: A Mac would be well-suited for those uses--it's got better Internet software built-in than any Windows machine, and Microsoft Office for Mac OS X is very easy to switch to from Office for Windows (it's also much better than pre-2007 versions of Office for Windows).
"We believe AAPL will respond with Mac OS X Snow Leopard, its next-generation operating system with even better usability, 64-bit processing, better Intel INTC optimization, and better utilization of GPUs (graphics processing units), keeping it a step or two ahead of Windows 7."
give it a year or so and you'll see everything running a lot faster on OS X. it's like, if MS decided to port Windows to PowerPC platform. of course no applications would run at native speed from the beginning because they wouldn't be simply compiled for that particular hardware.
I've heard it plenty from Mac people (all along telling me how infinitely superior to Windows it is, then once Mac OS X comes out, all they have to say is that 9 was an unstable bag of shit but OS X is really it) and Linux people as well, as we went from 2.0 to 2.2 to 2.4 kernels.
Among the highlights for Avidemux 2.5.6 is restoring AC3 and MP2 encoding support, handling of the latest x264 core code, better compatibility with some FLV Flash files, updated FFmpeg against version 0.9, drag-and-drop improvements, and various Windows and Mac OS X specific work.
This is because one of my absolute least-favorite aspects of Windows (and, since OS X 10.5, Mac OS as well) is the multitude of stray registry pieces every installed program seems to need and its insistence on installing everything into a privileged directory ("C:\Program Files").
Although Intel acknowledged that all of its SSDs will suffer from reduced performance because of significant fragmentation, the type of write levels needed to reproduce PC Perspective's results aren't likely for everyday users, whether they're running Windows and Apple's Mac OS X.
Also, it's moot for me as I'm not running Windows right now; I don't think similar functionality exists on OS X. Linux might be better, but unfortunately it's not an option as I then couldn't run OS X, at least not without dual-booting, and I've become too used to VMs to do that.]
Along with this, the memory arena code was changed to make use of malloc_usable_size() (aka malloc_size on OS X and msize on Windows) to better utilise available memory, and glibc has at least one scenario where it implements this function incorrectly ([sourceware.org/bugzilla/show
But that aside, Windows 10 is still easier to navigate than Mac OS X and Windows 8, has better access to files than in Android, and is faster, more flexible and more capable than Windows XP and the Home and Enterprise editions of Windows 7. Overall, it's the best OS I've ever used.
We've got a motley bunch of Linux, OS X, and Windows systems, and can only control what's on our side of the connection: interviewees may have anything from a low-end laptop with a built-in webcam to elaborate conferencing tools - which means the more universal the tools, the better.
ago where a user was editing photos on a computer using Canon software which clearly was running Windows blinds instead of realVista (and to make things worse the Canon software adapted the Mac OS X gui!) Though this coming from the motherland itself it is a duvious submission indeed.
Windows Vista also introduces a totally new look and interface, which many say looks a lot like Apple's Mac OS X. Microsoft also sped up finding files and information in Vista by introducing a totally new search application, which can find your files faster and better than Windows XP.
EZplayer pro is a VST, AU and RTAS plug in for Mac OS X and Windows with extended Map Wrapping capabilities between major drum sampler formats in the market - FXpansion's BFD 1&2 , Digidesign's Strike , Native Instruments' Battery , EZdrummer and Superior Drummer in addition to others.
Version 1.0.1.634 of PhotoRescue , the powerful photo recovery application for Windows and Mac OS X, includes improved recovery routines, better thumbnail generation with some file formats and support for multiple languages (follow the free update here link to request the new version).
As elegant as many seem to think OS X is, on a tablet system it would be no better than Windows is, partly because the OS wasn't designed for tablet use, but primarily because OS X applications, like Windows applications, are designed to be driven by a keyboard and cursor, not a finger.
This'd help a lot with windows machine that currently need a cd rom to get the two things co-operating, while OS X and Linux are more conveniant in that they have the drivers built in, OS X moreso because they employ people to write the drivers that hardware companies should but aren't.
[Actually, I recommend suggesting to people that if they can't handle Linux, that they switch to OS X - since it's superior to Windows and will probably be as easy (perhaps easier) for such people to use as Windows would; and it would tend to help weaken, not strengthen, MS's monopoly.]
Of course Mac OS X and Linux don't have any known viruses and worms right now because the lack of market share... Hackers tend to target Windows because they can spread the virus/worm/trojan more effectively and to more computers other than Mac OS X or Linux which have low market share.
2. I Became Lazy I don't want to say that I made the permanent switch to OS X from Windows because I got tired of stopping and starting my PC when I wanted to watch a movie or sync my iPod/ iPhone; but stopping what I was doing and trying to quickly swap over was becoming a bit of a pain.
This entire concept of free software has birthed thousands upon thousands of programs that are as good if not better than the commercial alternatives, not to mention the free operating system Linux which is arguably a better choice than the commercial alternatives of Windows and Apple OS X.
If you want to run Windows Vista, VMware Fusion provides noticeably better performance than Parallels Desktop on all tasks involving raw processing, whereas Parallels Desktop offers significantly better integration with Mac OS X (and thus real-world performance) for all cross-platform tasks.
Since 2002, Blender has been released under the GPL open source licence and is available for Windows, Mac OS X (Intel and PowerPC) and Linux, including the respective 64-bit versions - although Windows users currently still need to self-compile because the installers have yet to be completed.
In terms of raw numbers of vulnerabilities, Windows XP (we don't have any data yet on Vista) and OS X are about the same; the comparison is made a little difficult because Apple, which like Microsoft (MSFT) releases a monthly bundle of security patches, is less specific about what it is fixing.
The U3 applications proved exceptionally useful, because they enabled us to fire up our favorite services--with their settings intact--whenever we popped the Ultra Backup into a Windows XP or Vista system (the drive acts only as a storage device within the Linux and Mac OS X operating systems).
Yup bootcamp is okay, especially if one is going to run a lot of Windows applications ... I use something called crossover because it doesn't require partitioning for a second OS, it runs Windows programs as if they were on OS X, and it is perfect for the very rare occasion I must use Windows OS.
Why o why does the BBC support iOS, android and even xbox, but not windows 8?  Surely it's unfair bias, or because all BBC execs are pedos who use one of the two most popular mobile OS?  Well perhaps it's because they do support windows 8, and in the same way they support OS X...with the browser.
Resize Window mode works similarly to Move Window mode, except that instead of moving the window, the window is resized in the direction(s) you move the mouse (Note that because Mac OS X windows can only grow or shrink by the right or bottom edges, it's those edges that are resized using this mode.)
And, even if it's "close enough" to the current intel AMD offerings..it might be just enough for some of those windows users with older machines...teterring on the edge of whether or not to get a mac..because they find OS X interesting..or want to run apps only available for it but find them pricey.
So will I add this free Windows capability to my Mac Book Pro? No, because I no longer use anything that needs Windows as, over the years, Apple has done such a great job convincing most main software companies to successfully write their products for the OS X to take advantage of its cool features.
Additionally, because most web applications are designed to be browser-agnostic, interactions and appearance cannot be simulated to match all operating systems; for example, tabs in the Macintosh OS X Aqua interface are visually quite different than the tabs in the Windows Vista interface (Figure 1.6).
Mac OS X --------------- Pros: Lack of virii, easy remote administration, friendly interface, Office suite, flexibility, able to network easily with other Macs and (slightly more difficultly) with Windows or Linux/Unix Cons: Some people won't touch a Mac because they're predisposed into thinking it sucks.
That's because while Dell can slightly undercut comparable XServe hardware costs from Apple before adding Windows Server, Microsoft's software licensing dramatically balloons the costs businesses face to deliver the same features Mac OS X Server can, which Apple bundles on its Mac servers at no extra cost."
A favorite among broadcast motion graphic artists because of the excellent interaction with After Effects and Apple Motion, CINEMA 4D is a top-level professional application that is solidly built and works just as effectively on a Mac as on a PC (both Windows 7 and Mac OS X Snow Leopard are fully supported).
Although with Anand finding that a MacBook Pro gets 78% better battery life in OS X than Windows 7, and a 17" MacBook Pro having a 95Wh battery compared to your 55Wh battery, if you get 90 minutes with the i7-720QM, Apple could get around 4.6hrs in OS X on a 17" MacBook Pro with that processor which is okay.
I choose Mac OS X over Windows because I prefer the way things are done in Mac OS X; drag and drop installation, free development tools, the way the GUI is designed etc. Microsoft has designed Windows to do things in a certain way and I'm not interested in running an operating system that operates in that way.
Within this article I will attempt to evaluate Windows XP, Linux, OS X, and FreeBSD in comparison to each other and attempt to answer some basic questions such as, "Which operating system is better designed for the novice user" or "Which one is the most secure" (a key concern in our virus infested cyber world).
With Android available for those manufacturers and users who prefer a more-open platform, and OS X and iOS available to those who prefer the security of a walled garden, what exactly is the crying consumer need that Windows 8 will satisfy better than Android, iOS, or OS X, other than its ability to run legacy apps?
Aside from having a nice interface whose speed doesn't bother me at all because I've got a nice computer, I also like the remote Swing and HTML interfaces, built-in tracker (with SSL), auto-speed plugins, advanced seeding rules, and the fact that the interface works the same way on my Windows, Linux, and OS X boxes.
This latest gadget from Belkin will in our opinion definitely make Macs even more attractive compared to Windows PCs because the Switch-to-Mac cable makes your file transferring process from Windows to Mac OS X as simple as... well just sitting there without doing anything, because it automatically does it all for you!
I've never really considered going Mac because they're just so friggin' expensive, not to mention I'm used to Windows, but with all the changes they put into Vista to make it look more like OS X I'm not as familiar with it as I was, and with all these crashes god forbid I try to do something important on this computer!
Last week, I concluded that Apple Computer Inc. 's Macintosh OS X provided safer computing than Microsoft Corp.'s Windows operating systems -- in part because its small market share offers Internet villains too little opportunity to spread mayhem and partly because OS X ships with all of its vulnerable services turned off.
I have all of the major browsers on my Windows and OS X systems; mainly to test webpages etc but also to see if any suit my working needs, as of today none suit my work style better than FireFox nor do they match its flexibility, although both Google Chrome and Opera are getting to be more extensible, which is nice to see.
"New York Times" columnist and "Missing Manuals" creator David Pogue gets you past three challenges: transferring your stuff, assembling Mac programs so you can do what you did with Windows, and learning your way around Mac OS X. Learning to use a Mac is not a piece of cake, but once you do, the rewards are oh-so-much better.
The update mechanism on any modern Linux distro (I don't know about OS X, sorry) is vastly superior than the one on Windows; it takes care not only of the OS and ancillary systems, but also all applications that have been installed via the certified repositories (or whatever your particular brand on Linux happens to call them).
Its clear that you aren't too familiar with OS X given that multitasking, sharing assets between applications, and working with multiple virtual desktops are the UI strengths of OS X. Superior multitasking and window/workspace management are the main reasons I use OS X as my main work environment and use Windows only for games.
The nice thing about Cinch is that it resizes windows better than the built-in minimize and maximize buttons in OS X. Depending on the app you're using, clicking the "maximize" button will only expand the window to a pre-determined size, and you still have to click and drag the corner of the window to take up the entire screen.
Firefox has the benefit of running on multiple systems (Enabling "HiDPI" support on OS X was what lead to the Windows version gaining it) and because they use their web engine to render the UI (Which uses CSS pixels for everything, so they had resolution independence from the start because CSS pixels are defined to be virtual).
That and when the reviewers were unable to realize they were comparing Macintosh computers to personal computers instead of being an actual, true, Mac OS X versus Windows Vista comparison, because last time I seen, Microsoft hasn't received any Core Duo or Core 2 Duos from Intel for personal computers that they manufacture and sell.
I LOVED IBM's OS/2 (ever better than I like Mac OS X now - Windows is a distant 20th or thereabouts) but with so much of the focus by developers on making sure that their Windows programs worked on both Windows and OS/2, as well as IBM making sure that was true too, most developers didn't see a reason to make an OS/2 native version.
Comply or Explain!"It seems like a major supplier of education software in the Netherlands has written essential software in Silverlight that all students must use, claiming "...Magister is truly multiplatform because Silverlight is available for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux" despite it more or less being non-functional with Moonlight.
Having purchased a Transcend V15 16GB USB stick for a router-on-a-stick project, I was horrified to find out that it came preinstalled with some proprietary Antivirus software which only works under Windows, to make matters worse, the USB stick reports itself as read-only when plugged in under OS X or Linux, you can't wipe it or even use it.
I really just want to share some of my ideas for better usability, ignoring the windows and os X you can create some features from that app-louncher that no one has:D I am sure that decent number of people will like it, as we can see from customizing the linux desktop all over the web.. just suggesting the one default out of the box, cheers.
Notably Faster In initial benchmark testing of a "better" 15-inch, with 4GB of memory and a 750GB hard drive partitioned for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows, I found an almost 50 percent performance improvement in graphics-heavy applications for the better of the 15-inch models, compared to the result of similar testing I performed last year.
I went with Magic Bullet Denoiser because I needed something that would be cross-platform (I go between an OS X machine and a Windows machine, depending on the project's needs), and I'd have to purchase multiple copies of Neat Video to do that... even more if I wanted it in Premiere AND After Effects , which Denoiser also does for that one purchase.
They will have to let go of that idea first, and open their eyes, before they can possibly understand reality, or what this article is trying to say (and what it is not: it does not say that Windows is more secure, merely that you can point out a number of security-related areas where Microsoft has done a better job than OS X in one way or another).
hello, i'm new here and new to the "Installation of Mac OS X to PC thing", but i'm a programmer and a bit computer technician, so i guess i could easily tag a long with this. the reason i needed to install mac is because i need to test the websites i made on both windows and mac for compatibility issues, and also the challenge of making it run on PC..
If you're a Mac user that requires the usage of Internet Explorer under Mac OS X, you'll find your choices are generally as follows: run IE on top of Mac OS X with Wine which can be slow and buggy, dual boot Windows and Mac OS X which is a nuisance because it requites rebooting, or use virtualization with something like Parallels, VMWare, or VirtualBox.
a Restart button Both updates have been installed and both updates now require a restart But look at what happens when you click on the Restart button in one of the two windows When you click on the Restart button Mac OS X s Installer initiates the restarting process but then immediately finds that it is unable to complete it because there is another open
As a security incident responder, I can tell you that UNIX, Linux, Windows, of course, and yes, even (though less frequently) Mac OS X systems are compromised and have to be reinstalled all the time--not always because of remotely exploitable vulnerabilities, but usually because users are equally stupid no matter what kind of box you put in front of them.
I mean I like the gestures as well but personally, I kind of like switching back and forth between the operating system because the re are  certain things I do in Windows and I have find that I'm much more productive there than I am on the OS X side and then same thing with OS X or certain things I do over there which I feel like I do a lot better over there.
When a job last year required me to work on Windows 7 aihcmnes I was dreading it but after getting used to the differences I found it to be every bit as good as OS X and in some aspects better (I find task bar is cleaner and easier than the dock, and dual monitor work with a Cintiq is much much easier than on a Mac in fact in some ways it's got worse with Lion.
This demonstration will make more sense using a color-managed Web browsers like SAFARI 6 for Mac OS-X , newer versions of Firefox for Windows 8 7 Vista XP and OSX will also work, including Microsoft Internet Explorer IE 9 IE10, but Safari is my favorite color-managed teaching browser because it seems to work for everyone with no special configuration or settings.
No matter how appealing the Zenboox UX35 with Windows 10 may appear, it cannot be reasonably or technically compared to similar Apple (OS) products precisely because of the Windows 10 OS weaknesses, that has no performance, feature and especially security capabilities that are equivalent in direct comparison to OS X/iOS or even Uuntu Linux and other Linux based OS..
Every so often, some of our academic colleagues wax lyrical about OS X apps and their rich functionality and/or ease of use for areas of content creation in which we're interested - podcasting, audio/video/image editing and upload, recording, etc. It'll be interesting to see whether Macs offer better or easier solutions than Windows for some kinds of content creation.
OS smugness is only achievable if you are either ignorant of the OSes or willfully ignore flaws out of some sense of loyalty (for the record, I ripped into OS X and Linux because they were the evidence of smuggness, but I have volumes of critisism for the various versions of Windows as well, starting with the "all programs" menu in vista which I detest without boundry).
Macs and OS X benefit from lots of strengths that are/were weaknesses on Windows desktop machines (easy system maintenance, easy backup/restore, coherent and gorgeous interface across apps, applecare, generally superior build quality, lack of malware, great looking hardware) plus ipod/iphone halo effect and switch to Intel so people can run Windows on Macs since 2006ish.
Let me guess : That system had been "top of the line" about four or five years ago, still runs under Classic MacOS (not OS X) in order to not upgrade some specific applications and one of those applications crashes when it has to read Windows-generated EPS files (which are notoriously problematic - publishing houses use Macs exactly because of that, among other reasons).
I too have been told that most developers work on Firefox using a MacBook but all evidence shows that they must be running Windows on this MacBooks because bugs specific to Mac OS X aren't being fixed - heck, I've just been following Firefox development and I see the Windows receive the first class hardware acceleration treatment but nothing on the Mac side of the equation.
Whether you like it or not, Apple's answer to the streaming music question is important just because it's coming from the market leader - while OS X is a distant second to Windows and iOS is slowly losing general market share to Android, Apple and iTunes are unquestionably dominant in the digital music market, and their system is sure to get a lot of attention from consumers.
This means that unlike with Microsoft and Mac OS X systems, you will not need to buy a new scanner, because you can't find a driver for Windows 7 or the "Snow Leopard", but quite the contrary the driver usually gets better and better and you often have no problems whatsoever with using a 10 years or older scanner, printer, sound card, TV card, etc with the newest Windows version.
Access to LAN drives (H: and I:) Connecting to your LAN file space (commonly known as "your H: drive" because access is provided on Windows PCs using those drive letters mappings) can be accomplished in Mac OS X through the Finder "Go" menu, "Connect to Server" and type one of the following (based on your alphabetic assignment of your user id, replacing the sample id below with yours):
Maybe because I am more focused on a few apps since I prefer that, multitasking tends to become unproductive for me but to each their own I guess, but yeah I agree with you - I have to use both a Mac and Windows, and despite liking OS X a bit more, the hardware doesn't match with building your own computer and running Windows which is by far a much cost effective and cheaper alternative.
If you click continue, the standar installation will be performed, which includes OS X with BSD subsystem, the iLife programs, iLife, iSync, tons of printer drivers for Epson, HP, Lexmark and canon, and also the localization files, because unlike Windows, OS X comes as international, and if you install all the localization languages (which is default) you can switch the OS's language at any time.
My point in price comparison, is that if you build your own system, you can get the same hardware for cheaper, without having to fork out the cash in most cases... Does OS X Look better?... that's a ridiculous thing to really dig into, since you can basically make them identical or customize either one.... Windows has better support for 64-bit systems, but OS X is playing good on that field too lately...
Hey guys , this articel don't help at all , it work just fine if u already have older version of MAC OS X ....... say Tiger 10.4 or if u have Linux but as a windows OS user it wont work , because there is no way to apply the patch , why ?? because the command " ./9a581PostPatch.sh " can be executed only from Mac terminal or a Linux terminal but cant be done using windows CMD, so whats the use of all this ??
As an alternative to FaceTime for Mac, users can opt to use Yahoo Messenger, which now includes cross-platform video conferencing capabilities between the iPhone 4 and any other platform that supports the Yahoo Messenger video protocol, including Mac OS X, Windows, Linux, among other popular operating platforms, however, some would argue FaceTime is superior as it is simpler and offers superior video quality.
Yes, it can be a bit jarring moving between the 'Metro' interface to the traditional desktop but in terms of the desktop theme it is a lot better than the gaudy Windows Vista and the marginally improved Windows 7 appearance but that doesn't take away from the fact that the icons are out of place, the inconsistent usage of different GUI elements from various generations of libraries give a rough experience when compared to using Mac OS X.
I'm personally anti-Apple but I don't go out telling people not to buy its products because I think they're overpriced, I just won't buy it, but still I cared about compatibility with Mac OS X when I developed a Sudoku game in Java last semester as of a final project so that a friend of mine with a Mac could use it and work as well as intended in Windows (the look and feel, file managment for Excel files, saving the progress in files, etc.).
Open MS Office documents on Windows 7 guest VM in OS X host using Office for Mac @user329174, presumably the Guest's files are also stored on the Host filesystem (inside the VM package), so having them on the native filesystem (rather than on a virtual filesystem built on top of the native file system) where the Mac applications have 100% complete and ordinary capabilities (e.g. in Mountain Lion the ability to keep versions of files) is better on many levels.
- 'As ever, the Dock is a usability nightmare' - 'Its added a useful if limited new feature called Stacks to the Dock to close the gap with the superior and more logical Windows Start Menu' - 'Apple's lackluster Safari Web browser ' - 'It's not like OS X, which has had no real world viruses or malware attacks over the year, has gotten any more secure in a realistic sense.' - 'shipping such an inconsequential upgrade in the wake of Hurricane Vista was a mistake'
So first off Ubuntu is free and open-source which means if you're stuck and need help or are completely new to the OS you can find loads of resources to help you get somewhere with this sometimes temperamental OS. (NB: for those not in the know OS stands for Operating System and enables the computer to be useful) Now as I said earlier it is NOT Windows, as a result you can expect some real compatibility problem even worse than with Mac OS X but no fear help is at hand.
The next Windows OS that will succeed XP as the most powerful, innovative and secure OS Microsoft have ever released... or in non-bullshit terms, powerful because it will require astronomical hardware requirements for all the extra bloat, by innovative they assume that you have never heard of this thing called Mac OS X which they have shamelessly ripped off and by secure they mean for the first nanosecond it is released before it is picked apart by hackers and crackers.
I personally would probably use a Mac except for 2 problems: 1) It does not run on x86/AMD64 computers, Apple could probably gain a lot more market share if they would just wakeup 2) It has no ability to run Windows games, which is made even worse by the fact that OS X only runs on PPC since there is absolutely no way to run them without emulating an entire x86 computer using Virtual PC or whatever which makes me think "why not just get the damn windows computer to begin with?"
Hardware encryption: the best in personal security to keep your data safe Superior password protection: user sets a password to prevent unauthorized access Easy to use: no application installation required Versatile: works interchangeably between Mac OS X and Windows systems Secure: drive locks down and reformats after 10 invalid login attempts Stylish: durable metal casing with built-in key loop Co-Logo Program available: customize DataTraveler Locker+ G3 by adding your logo and/or digital files and instantly increase your organization's brand recognition.
Ruby is even worse than Python.
What's better about Ruby than Python?
Things where Python is better than Ruby:
Is Perl better than PHP, Python, Ruby, etc.?
No one said here Ruby and Python were better.
And ruby is better than either perl or python.
15. Python has a much better Emacs mode than Ruby.
There are much better alternatives (Python, Ruby).
A Python/Ruby script might work better for this....
ruby or python which is better for my app? [closed]
Python and Ruby are better for longer-lived scripts.
I do think that Ruby is better than Python or Groovy.
What's better than Perl (Python/Ruby/Java/.Net/etc.)?
Perhaps Ruby or Python would have been a better choice.
Which is much better in languages like Ruby and Python."
I have not given up on Python because I'm using Ruby now.
to me as if Python meets them better than Ruby at present:
Python and Ruby are even worse than Java performance wise.
Ruby is popular because of Ruby on Rails, and so is Python.
With regards to ORM, somehow Python is better off than Ruby.
Python experience have decided Ruby better suits their needs.
Who gave you the silly notion that Ruby and Python are better?
I think that Ruby is a much better language, but Python started
parts of Ruby that are better than Python, and if I switched to
I disagree with this, no doubt because C++/Python/Ruby do not do
Even Perl/Python/Ruby apps are much better in those two aspects.
I have not used Ruby, but that is mostly because I chose Python.
Ruby/Python, except that D is far easier to write, and has better
Ruby, PHP, Python are more likely because they are not statically
For this reason alone, Python is clearly better than Ruby or Perl.
(Don't tell me about how much better Python and Ruby are than Java.
(Whether that makes Ruby and Python better than Java is subjective.)
The only reason Python is used over Ruby, is because of libraries...
That's mainly because Python and Ruby don't have corresponding Apache
Ruby over Python just as quickly, because I find Python just generally
Just because I prefer Python doesnâ€™t mean Ruby isnâ€™t great (it is).
I thought ruby supposed to be better than Perl and Python combined, but
I know Python better than Ruby, but I still work much faster with Ruby.
Why? Was it because they chose Ruby over Java, or Python over Smalltalk?
For what tasks is Ruby better suited than say Bash, Perl, Python, or Java?
Python, Ruby and even PHP handle this sort of thing much better than Bash.
Ruby is similar to Python because it is highly dynamic and object-oriented.
From what I have read, PHP is just an inferior language to Python and Ruby.
Some people rightly claim Ruby or Python is better the Java for some tasks.
Modern languages like scala, ruby and maybe python are much better at this.
Many people think Ruby is Python with lax whitespace, or PHP with better OO.
Perl's code structure is better than that tab block grock in Ruby and Python.
Proves Superior to Ruby, Python, Perl and Other Dynamic Programming Languages
why not use Ruby - the better python, as programming language for this paper.
Erlang syntax is not Ruby's or Python's because Erlang is not Python or Ruby.
I have read about the beauty of Ruby and how it's better than Python or Perl.
Ruby I may or may not end up using again, because Python is fun to program in.
No, it just means Python, Ruby, and PHP are doing better now than in the past.
I'm just wondering if you guys think I would be better learning Python or Ruby.
I think a better example of a very high level language would be python or ruby.
The popularity of the ruby over python is because of RubyOnRails web framework.
I like its roots in Ruby and Python and reading CoffeeScript feels better to me.
Migration from python to ruby is problematic because ruby lacks certain features.
However, this is not to say that Python/Ruby are better than PHP in all respects.
Looking only at language features, both Python and Ruby are much better than Java.
I've tried Python, and can see why people like it, but Ruby suits my style better.
for json: i also think its better to just use python, ruby, perl and transform it.
I also need to take a better look at how Ruby or Python handle this type of thing.
that is: "Python (or Ruby) can "something", but php cann't this, so, php is worse!"
Ruby is like perl and python, only better, and it is required to run this software.
Similarly to Ruby, Python is also good for kids to learn because it is easy to read.
However, the more I look at Python the more I am convinced that ruby is just better.
DLR-based implementations of Ruby and Python should be better suited to that purpose.
One of the reasons I chose Python over Ruby is because it isn't a TIMTOWTDI language.
Although Python seems to be more popular than Ruby, I think, Ruby has better concepts.
Compared to VB/PHP - Python/Ruby are much, much better designed languages than PHP/VB.
Maybe we should stop using languages like Python, Ruby and Perl because they're "slow".
The reason you say this is because you have little to no experience with Ruby or Python.
I've been going through Ruby, enjoy it, like it better then Python, never really dug PHP.
In fact, Python incorporated a Ruby feature into 2.4 because it worked so nicely in Ruby.
Even other "weird" languages like Python or Ruby are accessible because they at least use
We appreciate Python, Ruby, LAMP, REST, KISS, worse is better, and talk like a pirate day."
I love Ruby but I would actually go with Python because I have way more experience with it.
You don't write in Python/Ruby/Tcl/etc because you're not good enough to write in C or C++.
They do this because C is a letter, Ruby is a stone, Python is a snake (or a comedy troupe).
I think I did okay, but my Python skills are far better than my Ruby skills, so please test!
All in all, I usually prefer Ruby to Python, because I love Ruby's metaprogramming support .
I could suggest that I prefer Ruby to Python because of whitespace but that would be a crock.
Teaching in Python, Ruby, or even Pascal (I'm showing muy age) would be better for beginners.
Python would have also been a good choice but IMO it is an inferior language compared to Ruby.
I was in the same boat as you Achim, experienced Python guy who got into Ruby because of Rails.
I've played with Python but I'd like to learn Perl and Ruby, if only because I am overambitious.
For better or worse, Ruby, Python, JavaScript and so on have changed how people see programming.
This is because strings in ruby are mutable, as compared to languages like Java, C# or Python.\n
Languages like Python, Ruby, Serversided JS and Perl, maybe even Lua and Pike do this job better.
I kind of wish I had started with Salt or Ansible because I know far more Python, than I do Ruby.
Ruby - because I have more fun using it than other languages I have tried (Java, C, Python, Lisp).
Parrot seems to fill the gap, because one could replace ruby, python and perl (and others) with it.
But I preferred Python over Ruby, because it had more libraries and seemed to be better documented.
Python use in scientific programming language but ruby not use because python provide large library.
Web --- Not really my area of expertise here, but Ruby is considered a tad worse than python overall.
I have learned many more languages, Java, Ruby, Python, to name a few, because it's a job requirement.
We're (mostly) a bunch of guys in slacks talking about whether or not we like Ruby better than Python.
I don't learn Python and Ruby because I don't feel they'll teach me anything new or be more expressive.
I am not sure a python for science or a ruby for science day would work better than a more general one.
I felt so jealous at people who were using Ruby or Python because they are so happy and so productive...
We will just be a little more conscious," because I don't see Python or Ruby as being inevitably slower.
Similarly, auto-completion isn't as big of a deal in Ruby or Python because overall LOCs are much lower.
Amongst the better known dynamically typed languages are Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Erlang and Smalltalk.
This forced the issue for the JRuby developers, because Ruby, like Python, needs good string performance.
A good thing about Ruby is that it keeps the python-dev guys on their toes thus producing a better Python.
That left Python or Ruby, and I thought Python was better supported and so chose that for a sample project.
Perhaps even better would be scripting languages such as Python and Ruby, but I don't know much about those.
So I hope to pull that discussion over here because it's about Smalltalk vs. Ruby, not about Python vs. Ruby.
I wanted to learn Ruby because I wanted a fairly simple general purpose scripting language that wasn't Python.
Python uses %r because their equivalent of "inspect" is "repr" -- for Ruby a different letter might be better.
Scripting languages like Python, Perl and Ruby all perform several factors of magnitude worse than JITed code.
In uncompiled languages (ruby, python, etc), we can provide better syntaxes which make for more readable code.
Ruby had won the hearts of Python programmers because it is more flexible and more object oriented than Python.
But I would say Python and PHP and Ruby are all good choices too, even better choices from many points of view.
Maybe someday the perl/python/ruby plugins for Eclipse will be better but until then Komodo has no competition.
... comparing Python to Ruby from those of you who have ... Ruby's documentation of its libraries is much worse.
Interpreted languages like Python and Ruby have better language design and thus are more pleasant to program with.
I like Python better than ruby and wish rails ran on Python, which is why I was seriously taking a look at Django.
Ubuntu 12.04 is recommended because of some incompatibilities between Python and Ruby on other Linux distributions.
Perl, Python and Ruby fail to attract many Java and C++ programmers because, well, they force you to get stuff done.
Even better, they are going to provide libraries for your favorite language: Java, GWT, Python, Ruby, PHP, and .NET.
Or better yet, switch languages to something like Ruby or Python, as this is more complex than I like to do in Bash.
The problem is Ruby and Python are not seen as enterprise ready or fit for anything better than simple applications.
4.20PM - Wow, lots of searching and flicking through Twitter Ruby GEMs, thecoverage here is a lot worse than Python.
The only things Python have going for it are a comprehensive library, "better than Ruby" performance, and mindshare.
I've had to give up using Ruby for a couple projects because of serious performance issues compared to, say, Python.
is obvius that no newcomer is nuts enough to learn perl when there are faar better alternatives like python,php,ruby.
If Parrot cannot be better VM for Perl 5 (for any its major future revision), the same is true for Ruby, Python, etc.
Again, this pain is needless, because the syntax of other languages (such as Python and Ruby) is significantly easier.
If they chose Ruby, it's because in their mind it's better than PHP or Python, regardless of whether or not it's true.
For languages I think Python or Ruby are better than basic, because both of them is actually used and they are simple.
In practice I always finish up with C#/Java, Ruby, Javascript, Python and SQL because that's where the communities are.
Notice that in the previous chart Ruby and Python are not shown because they represent only 0.6% and 0.2% respectively.
I wonder whether thats just because there is more of a hype around languages like Haskell, Ocaml, Ruby, Java or Python.
@Raj, Java is just a programming tool, although I think it is superior than scripting languages such as Python or Ruby.
That's still much slower than Java, of course, but then that's a bad comparison; Ruby and Python are better comparisons.
Ruby has better support for such declarative styles and I am glad the core python language is not going down that route.
I learned Python first, and then came to Ruby because of Rails, but I now prefer Ruby over Python irrespective of Rails.
In practice I always finish up with C#/Java, Ruby, Javascript, Python, and SQL because that's where the communities are.
I prefer this one to LustyExplorer because I cannot compile vim against ruby in windows and with python I can do it fine.
Dynamic languages like Python and Ruby are also bad, because their "metaprogramming" happens at runtime, not compilation.
Saying that Python or Ruby are better than other languages because they don't need semicolons is ridiculous and childish.
Perfect answer to a simple question, followed by a dozen comments fussing about whether Ruby or Python has better syntax.
Languages such as Python and Ruby use singletons very little because you can use global variables within a module instead.
Perl is the imagination made power (and pay my bills!) and Ruby because it's much more elegant and consistent than Python.
The standard Python libraries themselves tend to be somewhat better thought out and structured than their Ruby equivalents.
I use Python and love it so I'm going to be a little biased, and because of that I've had no reason to even look into Ruby.
I'm a huge Python/Django & Ruby/Rails fan, but I will never stop using PHP because it is so broadly accepted and supported.
Every time I say this people say "well, that's amazing because usually Python people hate Ruby and will never change sides".
Obviously better than Java -- pick any site that's written in Perl or Ruby (even Python), and not Java, and ask yourself why.
So Perl, Python and Ruby get a lot of attraction, because they can express the same stuff with less code and with less noise.
I'm ultimately probably better off switching to Ruby/Python/Groovy at some point, but I wanted to get something working first.
As a ruby newb and future ruby web developer, what did you find better in terms of programming versus the usual python or PHP?
It also means they are unlikely to meet with you because they were wowed by your thought process on choosing Python over Ruby.
And so you have many programmers choosing to use Python or Ruby because good libraries exist there for solving modern problems.
Lisp, Scheme, Python, Ruby, and Smalltalk are all better than Java and .Net, and all lack those features you find so necessary.
Plus you run into problems when the abstractions get leaky because you're not really writing Python (or Ruby or what have you).
Hi Aaron, I gave up on Ruby for now precisely because it doesn't support Unicode natively while Python does, or so I thought...
As far as Ruby and Python are concerned, people who know both still disagree about which one is superior at language level (i.e.
a sequence reserve can be simply: s.reverse etc. if you use databases: ruby database binding API is arguably better than python.
My feeling is: a really good PHP developer is that who has migrated from PHP to a better designed language, like Python or Ruby.
Just because Perl and Ruby do it doesn't make it good and desirable - Python doesn't have the structure as was originally stated.
You think people are using COBOL because "they don't think Ruby, Python, Scala, Lua, PHP, Java could possibly handle the 'load'"?
@RomanLuštrik: I would personally use Perl, because I am familiar with it, but Python or Ruby should prove equally good solutions.
Should I be required to install PHP, Ruby, Python just because once every few months I want to make a simple configuration change?
Someone please tell me that Guido hasn't fallen for the "Python is losing to Ruby because Ruby only has one web framework" argument.
If they perform better than their counterparts it might make python and ruby coders able to take on more platforms and capabilities.
Some will say Python is better for GUI apps as it compiles more, and is a tad faster, and it's fairly similar to Ruby on the surface.
Ruby is definitely better than python, but still not perfect, and still an order of magnitude slower than statically typed languages.
I've observed that, on average, the quality of the libraries is better in Java than in the competition: Perl, Python, Ruby, whatever.
I usually recommend Python over Ruby, as I prefer it, but in this case it may be better, due to everything inherently being an object.
From the discussion here, it sounds like you might have better success using python 3.1 for development and ruby 1.8.6 for production.
Yeah, I know I should program in Java or Python or Ruby or Kotlin or something else because it is obviously way cooler ... but I don't.
I wonder if they didn't compare themselves to Ruby or Python because they couldn't contrive examples that produce huge LOC differences?
I love the language but I'm considering getting better at python just because ruby is so slow I feel bad using it for anything serious.
I felt quite hungover around this time because these solutions were over ten strokes behind in Python and nearly twenty behind in Ruby!
It's namely the "explicit is always better than implicit" and the "flat is better than nested" items where python and ruby differ wildly.
Aptana A better option for professional Web application developers, Aptana supports HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ruby, Rails, PHP and Python.
Stevey describes how totally crazy its founder - Lary Wall - was, turning Perl into a cult, and how and why Ruby and Python are superior.
Python and Ruby were much more recently the "hot new thing" and have gotten a lot more attention in the last decade or so because of that.
I love Ruby, more than I love Python (which I do love...) - but I feel Python is a better choice for teaching/learning as a first language.
2. Um, Google App Engine currently only runs Python, not Ruby, but you were close, really, because they're almost the same language... NOT!
Notice that Python, like Perl, but unlike Ruby, does not need to map the trailing newline because the Python raw_input function removes it.
python is a full purpose language, just like ruby, perl, java, etc. python executes much faster than ruby, and the documentation is better.
I'm not totally convinced the debugging tools for Perl, Python or PHP are substantially better than Ruby, even if they are slightly better.
If your tasks are more complex, for instance because you want the script to run on other platforms too then I'd probably use Ruby or Python.
Anyway, for this book, geany has been used, mainly because it handles both Python and Ruby (amongst many others), and is rather lightweight.
"Is Ruby or Python better?") are off-topic since there isn't really a right or wrong answer, but the example question I gave is not that way.
Personally I wish they would have hired someone to work on Jython, because I'm not too fond of Ruby (yet, it took me a while to love Python).
This isn't a very compelling example though, because strings are immutable in most dynamically typed languages, such as Python and Ruby, too.
Why does Python, Ruby, Bash have better tool and feature when it uses a low level language interface that was meant to be used by applescript?
Your C# and VB devs can suddenly easily write web apps and your python and ruby devs can too - with the added bonus of much better performance.
cPanel has become recognized because it supports a wide variety of applications such as Apache, PHP, MySQL, Python, Ruby on rails and many more.
With dynamically typed languages, like PHP, Python, Ruby, your development will be much faster, but you will have to test your code much better.
Of course, Python and Ruby will go the same way after a few years if they're as successful as Perl, because this richness is a mark of maturity.
This is one area where MySQL Cookbook really shines, because it contains a large amount of sample code in Perl, PHP, Python, Java, and even Ruby.
all perl, python, ruby or ghc packages) it may be better to initially do the builds in another repo, so that there is less disruption in rawhide.
So Ruby/Python arise to displace PHP, because fewer people do Ruby/Python, because the 2nd world and 3rd world have tons of PHP and ASP developers.
Should I learn it as well as Python/Ruby/PHP/whatever? 1.26 Is Perl better than PHP, Python, Ruby, etc.? 1.27 Which method to do $TASK_X is faster?
Wanting to learn more about Google Wave, I ported the Wave Robot Python Client library to Ruby , mainly because I wanted to understand the protocol.
If that's the case, use python or ruby or whatever easy to use high level language you have on hand because this program isn't actually IO intensive.
I've implemented this in Python, but not in the Ruby version, and I think Michael's solution might be a better place to start from when persuing this.
Nowadays, I've started to abhor starting new projects in java because I feel it's too verbose compared to untyped languages like PHP, python and ruby.
(In other words, in my opinion, it's better to use Python than something else you're not already using, like Ruby or some other interpreted language).
He talked about a global shift is happening because of the passion outside silicon valley in open source, Ruby, Python and other similar technologies.
So Ruby-like syntax is a pure win over Python-like syntax - better for one-block functions, and equally ugly for no-block and multiple-block functions.
Python and Ruby programmers come to Go because they don't have to surrender much expressiveness, but gain performance and get to play with concurrency.
But it is much easier to improve the performance of python then ruby, because there are a few more sophisticated technologies for python then for ruby.
The question is why would you use PHP, when there are languages out there, like Python or Ruby or even JavaScript, which are just plain better than PHP.
I know little about Ruby or Python except that they're object-oriented, so I don't want to compare them, but out of C++/Java, Java is the better choice.
For longer pure programming tasks you are better off using something else (be it Python, Ruby, Java, C++, Javascript, Go, ML, Julia, or something else).
Arguments please, the only OO-related thing that I saw could be considered superior in Ruby 1.8 (compared to Python 2.4) is the handling of properties...
And on a GNU system, your chance of having the GNU objc stuff and GCC installed actually seems a bit better than writing it in Ruby or maybe even Python.
But If all us believe that python or ruby are better than PHP, we must all agree with the fact that PHP deployment is completely gracefully and painless.
The windows version has ALWAYS been better than most linux-distro versions in working with the "presence or absence" of perl -- and later, ruby & python.
Ruby and Python might be much better, so I will learn them after I've started making money with PHP and other technologies, in shaa Allaah (God willing).
In our Nixpkgs repository  we have support for several programming languages: perl, python, ruby, haskell, lua, ... We've merged a better support for Go.
Node is a good fit for CouchDB because Couch encourages asynchronous background processes, but people also use Ruby / Python / Java for the same purposes.
I also think python is a good choice because it is similarly very easy, but I think its much less fun because it lacks the beautiful synchronicity of Ruby.
Perl (and others) might be better suited to parse log files I'm about to look into Python and Ruby as I hear many good things about them for various tasks.
I think JavaScript is no better than 10, Python and Ruby are together with Perl around 15, maybe Ruby has the highest level of these languages (Comments?).
In other words, Parrot has certain features because the Python & Ruby folks needed them, and these will require Perl to adapt if it wants to take advantage.
The book pitches itself as being aimed at "Engaged Java Developers" (dealing with hard problems, looking for better tools) and "Ruby and Python Developers".
That it does not fail by default on I/O errors is the fundamental failure of the language, and makes it completely inferior to Python and Ruby for admin work
Programmers refer to use modern programming languages like Java, Python or Ruby for their uses, because of their powerful built-in functions and flexibility.
Ruby teaches you to use lambdas right out of the box while in Python they're considered advanced play because of the awful (magical) syntax for creating them.
Then maybe you put node.js down because you didn't need a asynchronous Hello World server in your mostly Ruby (or Python Clojure, or Bog knows what else) shop.
Ruby and Python are for people who need to write short programs from time to time, better than VB, of course, but no substitute for professional quality tools.
"All the cool kids are using (Ruby/Python/TI-994A Extended Basic) because they don't have CPAN yet and they can become the uber-programmer for the cool modules."
I guess in the end the choice really boils down to two things - whether you like Ruby or Python better and whether you like the defaults imposed to you by Rails.
Python unicode support has always seemed trivial to me, and much better than the other languages I've worked with (c, php, perl, ruby, javascript, actionscript).
If Moose is what lets people writing in Python or Ruby write clear OO code faster and easier with better maintainability and decent performance, then push Moose.
Most open-source projects use Subversion as a repository because other larger projects, such as SourceForge, Apache, Python, Ruby and many others, use it as well.
He's right, I'm simply parroting the stereotype that Perl is older than Python (or even Ruby which came into existence in the mid 90s) when I rightly know better.
Once you know what needs to be done, you can certainly use python to do it, or even perl, or ruby, or C. Python is nice because it's quick and easy to start with.
Lastly think about those who don't complain but just give up and leave, From past few years Ruby and Python scored some undeserved points because of all this FUD.
Immutability fits into this complex because in Python/Perl/Ruby/other languages I often solve this with some form of monkeypatching, which is a form of mutability.
For example, Ruby and Python are popular for more complex tasks because they have comprehensive libraries, whereas Perl is popular for quick data processing hacks.
C is notable, because many other languages including Java are actually derived from it, and other languages including Ruby, Luna, Python, etc are implemented in C.
Is it better than c++, python, lua, rust, Haskell, ruby, etc. Seth seems to be mainly concerned with tooling without being aware of the tooling that exists for us.
I find that Python, Ruby, Javascript and SQL are much more productive than compiled languages such as Java because those languages have a very quick feedback loop.
"As much as I love Ruby, I might recommend Python over Ruby to a total beginner because of Python's 'there's one best way to do something and this is it' philosophy.
Many other languages (just like Python or Ruby), have become popular with a tagline "Obsoleting Perl", because they all thought a replacement was desperately needed.
I thought I'd send this out to Nitro because I've seen the plethora of frameworks in the Python world and ... This kind of gateway structure for Ruby would be lovely.
We'll probably have some male teaching assistants whenever we get to the full day Python or Ruby workshop, because a high teacher-to-student ratio is also important.)
One of them ( Jan rather than Andrzej ) was of the opinion that Ruby was more object oriented than Python because you are able tack methods onto the built-in classes.
Other languages are easier to port and maintain because Ruby, Python, and the like don't try to port their own entire desktop API with them from platform to platform.
And now that MS has support for Python and Ruby, they are as evil as before but also stupid, because that means they don't have any direction to give to the community.
That's why If you are a designer, I might suggest you start with JavaScript and then move on to a better designed, high level programming language like Ruby or Python.
I'll advocate Perl, others will point out PHP is most commonly used, Ruby has a single obvious choice for frameworks, or Python is a better choice for unknown reasons.
(And maybe inertia, but that inertia is there because of performance, and anyone who can write good C/C++/Java can write at least passable Ruby/Python/Lua/JavaScript.)
Now that Python has a huge bucket of competing solutions, some arguably superior, especially in ORMs, the draw of Ruby vs Python seems to have been drastically reduced.
Great products, ideas and methods have lost mind share to lesser things (not that Ruby is inferior to Python or vice versa) because they lack fluff, ribbons and glitter
In addition the comparison on multi-core machines is also flawed because Ruby code uses only one CPU whereas Python uses all four due to use of multiprocessing library.
This brings the .NET programmer closer to Python and Ruby when they need it, and it gives them a better experience with COM interop and other dynamic data, such as XML.
I find Ruby better suited for interactive usage (irb), but like wise that Python has considerably better documentation on how to use stuff - that's why I prefer Python.
Python or Ruby (it doesn't really matter which) would be my next choice (and very close to the other two) just because the dynamic typing could be problematic at first.
I believe it's called monkey-patching in Ruby, but it's intentionally left out of Python because it leads to poorly designed (if you can even call it designed) structure.
It's not analogous to the XML method, and isn't easily generated and serialized from a hash in Perl, Python, Ruby, et al to JSON, because it has duplicate keys for "add".
It is doubtful that Python apps will ever be accepted as a core part of KDE, because it would essentially mean picking a scripting/desktop language, be it Ruby or Python.
If you don't have a preference, start with Python as it is easy to learn and use and if it is too slow with Python, Perl and Ruby probably won't be able to do any better.
That's why I don't want to discuss with those people who thinks Ruby is like Perl because they can only understand Python and what they can't understand must be like Perl.
I wouldn't spend "TOOOOO" much time optimizing my code in a dynamic language like Python or Ruby -- because, they are NOT designed for CPU intensive number-crunching tasks.
Just curious because I'm currently in the process of wrapping my head around VBA, which I'm told is not nearly as intuitive as Python or Ruby, but I know is useful at work.
There is a good need for such tools because proxies are quite complex and not trivial to write even if you choose to use a high-level language such as Java, Python or Ruby.
While much used bindings e.g. to Databases are of good quality I found niche libs to be better supported in Python even if for the same library there is also a Ruby binding.
Regardless of whether we are using Python, Ruby, or Groovy, we better be writing idiomatic Python, Ruby, or Groovy code and not writing idiomatic Java code in said language.
There are other languages with at least as much independence (eg Ruby, Python etc) that have better web frameworks, and are far better languages for developers to work with.
Later they have patched some holes, but some of the original more "relaxed" nature of Python shows still (Ruby is worse than Python regarding large multiprogrammer programs).
Why should I abandon Python for Ruby (Not Rails, but Ruby itself because Django blows Rails out of the water), and I know that this is a great place to find Ruby evangelists.
I kind of like the Python language better and it seems to be more full-featured than Ruby for statistical, scientific and networking (let me know if you think this is wrong).
Python has been around significantly longer than Ruby, & with Google's embrace of the language, Python's documentation has gotten noticeably better during the last few years.
Python, Java, C#, Perl, Ruby, C++ and others are great tools for many kinds of applications and tools, but there is still no better choice than C for something like libraries.
Python and Ruby are popular among web developers as well because of their rapid development cycle, with Python boasting computation efficiencies and Ruby boasting code design.
If you don't know what JavaFX is, you're probably reading my blog because you're interested in Ruby, Python or the various other languages for NetBeans I've been involved with.
A further advantage of perl or python (or ruby) would be that these should all have libraries for interfacing with matlab, and much better data structures than bash for tables.
I don't think ruby-python developers are ignorant about the power of Intellij or Eclipse, because most of them(at least those I know) know java and used or still use the tools.
Of the two, Ruby has always seemed the more interesting one (partly because it embraces functional programming more than Python does), but I haven't yet had occasion to use it.
Not least because as part of my move away from C++ I have determined to be at least proficient in all the popular interpreted languages such as perl (obviously), python and ruby.
People writing Ruby or Python will still be better off using proper Ruby or Python libraries than the .NET BCL, even if they are hosting their Ruby or Python in the .NET Runtime.
(One reason why I moved from Python to Ruby for scripting was because the #python IRC channel was condescending and rude to people asking questions; #ruby denizens were friendly.
While Ruby/Python/PERL/PHP are interesting and can do some things better/nicer than Java, I think that it will take some time for one of these languages to be on a par with Java.
Please do continue with this series because it will no doubt provide me insight into doing things the Python way instead of the Ruby way which will hopefully be as good or better.
Perl is awesome, but if left to the whim of fate on Windows, I fear the angry mob of Python, Ruby, whatever is new and thinking it's better than everything before it type thinking.
There are plenty of existing tools for Ruby / perl / python that do what you want - far better to install them on the appserver and have PeopleTools call them and do what you need.
You might want to look at a scripting language, or something like Ruby or Python, because they have way more scope for doing the sort of stuff that you need reflection for in Java.
Python and Ruby are far better languages than PHP (for learning purposes), because you can do a variety of things with them (not just web development), and they have clearer syntax.
Now - there's nothing to stop you writing your own code (maybe in Ruby, Python or Perl) including these features ... but wouldn't it be better to use the feature set that someone ...
Ruby is not a primary language eevee is faimilar with (he's primarily a Python/Rust guy from what I could see - because I have been reading his other articles just a few days prior).
For the sake of argument, let's substitute Perl with Python (or Smalltalk, Ruby, Lisp or C++), because even great Perl programmers tend to have strange ideas about object orientation.
Languages like Ruby, Python, Lua, and Processing really aren't what you want if that's what you are looking for because they are designed to insulate the programmer from the hardware.
We've already got support for Java , php , Ruby , and Perl in some form; make it better or add support for some other language you know and love (TCL, python, scheme, LISP, ML, etc.).
This is a problem for languages like Ruby, Python, PHP, Perl, and others because in many cases extensions, libraries, and plugins for these languages are loaded by the VM using libdl.
It's pretty popular in the scientific community simply because it combines the simplicity (and noobicity of the coders) of PHP, Python or Ruby with high-level mathematical constructs.
Python or Ruby may actually help promote better programming practices, but they aren't as accessible as PHP in terms of examples, online docs and tutorials, and hosting is not as easy.
That's because a lot of those applications may not even be written in D or have anything to do with D, like the mass of stuff written in dynamic languages like perl, python, ruby, etc.
Python and Ruby are popular among web developers as well because of their rapid development cycle, with Python boasting computation efficiencies and Ruby boasting code design benefits.
When I do finally break this addiction (I can stop whenever I want!), I've always thought that the next language choice was clear: Python, which seems to fit my style better than Ruby.
When I first looked at the Python grammar I was excited (it's the best dynamically typed language I've seen); when I first looked at Ruby, all I felt was at least it's better than perl.
I am always terribly amused when people claim that their favourite language out of the group of Perl, Python and Ruby is clearly and obviously much better than one or more of the others.
I chose to learn Python over other languages like Ruby because of its application to statistical packages and because of it's reputation for being an easier scripting language to pick up.
It is worth noting that because the APIs use the standard HTTP protocol you can easily work with them from any programming language including C#, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, PHP and others.
For example, someone might argue that Ruby is better than Python because they were able to rewrite their web site using Ruby in half the time it took to write the original Python version.
However, because PHP is interpreted, PHP code is parsed and translated to ... including Perl, Python , and Ruby, PHP code is parsed, translated to .... Now, disable XCache in your php .ini
Some languages fare better than others, for example, I wouldn't code Java in Emacs pretty much no matter what, for Ruby and Python I'm about half-and-half, but IntelliJ is winning me over.
Ruby may be a better language than Python or Perl, but too few people are using it, and the documentation is still too obviously translated from Japanese for me to feel comfortable using it.
I wrote this version because (a) I have begun writing Python programs, (b) I have found that Python is much faster than Ruby, and (c) I wanted to add some features and update the old program.
So, help a Python/Django newb understand...is there something inherently better about Python versus Ruby, or Django versus Rails, that makes the first scale and perform better than the latter?
As PHP frameworks become more mature, you start to see speed issues because unlike Java/Python/Ruby/.NET ALL of those PHP files have to get loaded on every request, creating a lot of disk I/O.
I've used it to write single-page programs that perform better than what would take three days and 13 third-party libraries in C or C++, and wouldn't even be possible in Python, C#, Ruby, etc.
I've mostly moved on to back-end programming in Java, Python, and Ruby, but I'm usually very excited to put my JavaScript boots back on simply because Chrome makes it so much fun to work with.
:D - Just give them a new TDBGrid and a Firebird driver and they're happy 2) Part time developers who just need new cool features to play with just because their friends using Python/Ruby have.
The performance is acceptable, worse than scala but better than languages like python or ruby, so if you are writing a game that is not processor intensive, then you shouldn't be too badly off.
"Worse is Better" can be seen in languages too, for example the ideas behind Perl, Python, Ruby, Php even C# or Java, or whatever language that isn't assembler or C (C++ might fit here or not).
I would probably recommend FLTK over FOX due to fluid, but FOX's online documentation is more thorough and the binding to scripting languages (python, ruby, etc) are better and better supported.
It's those domains that you see people turning maybe away from the object oriented languages and turning to Python on every reason, to F# because Ruby and the like have different strings as well.
And let's be realistic - Java devs always end up running the code through a debugger anyway (and the mass refactorings come later); that's no better or worse than how it's done in Python or Ruby.
If you know you're writing a webapp but don't know python or ruby I'd lean towards RoR over Python Django - I think Rails is the stronger framework (conversely I like Python better as a language).
The even better news is that it is actually possible to use a variety of tools: Python, Ruby, shell scripts and R to perform distributed fault tolerant processing of your data on a Hadoop cluster.
As for learning, Javascript is good, I'd do python before ruby, mainly because the culture of python seems better in line with education: there's one good, and preferably obvious way do do things.
As Ian said, people choose Rails because they like how the model helps them work and Ruby comes from that choice, and people choose Zope for similar reasons and Python comes as part of that choice.
"Now it has become easier for languages like Python and Ruby to succeed without a lot of money because open source creates a strong network when people are excited about an idea and can collaborate.
Kini pengguna Perl tidak perlu minder lagi, karena Perl kini sudah punya sistem objek yang modern dan "tidak mengerikan lagi", bahkan berani deh beradu superior dengan Ruby, Python, Javascript, dll.
I've experimented a little bit with Python, Scheme, Pascal, Ruby, Java and other languages, just to figure out how they work, because working with them helps understanding a different point of view.
If you're a programmer, learn to use a framework like Django (Python), Titanium (Perl), something smaller in Ruby (because Ruby on Rails is a bit big to start with) or one in your favourite language.
Ruby has similar issues and although I do like Ruby much better than I like Python, I get the impression that Rails is roughly in the same boat at Django when it comes to managing/supporting the app.
however, because SOAP::Lite to SOAP::Lite does work (and work very well, I find it hard to believe that Java (or Python, or Ruby, or whatever) cannot be coerced into understanding SOAP::Lite objects.
An article that compares Perl and Python can be found here Although Ruby might be better as a language, there is hardly any code in Ruby that could be used for A-A-P, while there is plenty in Python.
I still use Bash for most automation tasks because there's no guarantee that the next person in my job is going to be familiar with Perl, Ruby, and Python, but every unix admin is going to know Bash.
Certainly connecting from C, Ruby, Perl, Python, PHP then for many use cases the Stomp version will be a little better - though it'll take a little while for the C, Python and PHP clients to show up.
Reflection - because of the type restrictions .NET reflection is massively more painful and complex than the beautifully simple introspection capabilities of languages like Python, Ruby and Smalltalk.
The languages like Python and Ruby can be better at programming small apps, but they really aren't good for large scale apps in my experiences, and they aren't as good for enterprise style deployment.
I guess that even in 2009, I was pretty late to the game and because I spend most of my time with PHP and related, I figured that Ruby and Python developers probably caught onto the term much earlier.
And I think it's important to qualify, to state as fact so that this subtle point isn't lost, that the reason people want to use Ruby or Python is not because people want to hide from specifying types.
(This could be particularly tricky, because the Parrot project has the ambitious goal of being compatible with Perl, Python, and Ruby, and their manners of implementing objects are slightly different.)
Learning Ruby: quite trivial, as Ruby is like Python, but sometimes there a Ruby-way and a non-Ruby-way (codeblocks and stuff like this) and to write nice Ruby programs you better write in the Ruby-way.
To say nothing of Ruby on Rails, there are at least a dozen modern MVC frameworks out there for Perl, Python, J2EE and yes, PHP, that are much further along and more importantly seem better thought out.
The answer to the questions "which is better / which should I learn - PHP, Ruby, or Python?" is simple: learn all 3. Diversify yourself and master 1 at a time, as a result you will become more valuable.
I'd come to the conclusion Ruby was 'better' than most(certainly php, probably python, and javascript because is not well supported server-side), but i could not have said why as succinctly as you have.
For example: Awk, Bash, Basic variants, C/C++, Java, Lisp variants, Lua, Pascal variants, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, XSLT - So the chances are better than good that the language of your choice will be OK.
And because I'm a Microsoft MVP for Windows Azure, it's great to see that they've opened that up to allow people working on Java, Ruby, PHP, and Python to make highly scalable applications in the cloud .
There are plenty that I don't think are worth using myself (C++, Java, Ruby, anything.NET, Perl, Python), but that's just because I can already do what I need to do using other languages (PHP, C, Obj-C).
Ruby's blocks work because it's ruby, no one has found any pythonic way (syntax) to use blocks-like anonymous functions in python, and until that is done I doubt Guido will even consider putting them in.
Ruby already has several libraries supporting actor style concurrency (see my blog post and interview about Revactor for an example), but this is interesting because it bridges over into the Python world.
Way on the other side of town are dynamic languages like Python, Ruby and Javascript (and their non-OOP progenitors like Scheme, but I'll focus on OOP ones here because that's what I'm most familiar with).
Rubymine does it better than most (not surprisingly, coming from the guys who brought you IntelliJ), but of course there are always going to be limitations with a dynamic-typed language like Ruby or Python.
Here we still program in C (I don't, but others here do) because if we wrote in something like .NET, Ruby or Python the executable would be so much bigger and the binaries wouldn't fit on the device hardware .
I would be far more interested if they made an IDE for Python or Ruby, or better, made scripting available to C++ Builder, so one can make the interface in Python (or Ruby), and the speed critical code in C++.
I've used Python heavily (especially on embedded devices), Lua is interesting because of its take on objects, Ruby/RoR ... they are certainly different and I'm not sure "least surprise" is how I'd describe them!
P.S I work in IT as a QA Tester my main interesting is gaining a better understanding of systems I have to test and using the right tool to allow me to do my job better whether its using Perl, Python, Ruby etc..
You don't need to know how to write software programs, but you should know how to read code (C, Python, Perl, Ruby, etc.), because you will need to modify certain exploit scripts to suit your particular purposes.
The reason why is because when looking for hosting packages I did notice that Ruby and Python are becoming quite common now and I've heard how nice of a language Ruby is as a language, so I decided to try it out.
I'm including it largely because it illustrates some technical difficulties in integrating runtimes: the last posted version integrates Python 1.5 (which uses reference counting) with Ruby (which is fully gc'ed).
What you have to keep in mind is that dynamic languages like Ruby, Python, JavaScript and Scala are often proposed as being better approaches to programming than, say, Java precisely because they are weakly-typed.
It hardly matters that Python isn't quite as good as Ruby for creating these domain-specific languages (and it isn't, we must admit it) because doing so runs contrary to the principles we as pythonistas hold dear.
I like Ruby, have never in person talked to someone who codes solely in python, and personally do not code in Python because I needed an OOP approach finally - but being a fan or ist for anything is really stupid.
Perl is not my favorite (I'd rather use Groovy, Python , or Ruby ), but I find myself needing to use it at times, usually because I'm modifying or using an existing script or set of scripts already written in Perl.
I like the idea of a language like Ruby or Python as an introductory language because I think the student has fewer details to worry about before starting to try and solve problems (variable typing, as an example).
Scala is an awesome language and I've seen a lot of people make the transition from various languages (Java, Ruby, Python) and almost all of them like it better because it manages to combine the best of these worlds.
Fowler: But Microsoft has done a really great job of allowing people to run PHP, Ruby, Python, and even Java on Azure, and they're trying to make it a lot better for people to move over to the Windows Azure platform.
I put "scripting" in quotes above because labelling languages like Ruby and Python as "scripting languages" is unfair and indicative of the historically dismissive attitude that some programmers have held toward them.
Abstract, hypothetical reasons why Ruby can't do X well don't really matter, because Python syntax and semantics suck (why anyone thinks import something is more or less magical than require 'something' is beyond me).
The fluctuation of cost is hard to predict and nail down because the programming languages vary from platform to platform, and developers who code in Java, Ruby or Python charge more than PHP or Javascript developers.
In other words, while Python has added a new hardcoded feature in order to achieve some of the power of Ruby, adding such a feature to Ruby would be unnecessary because of the underlying structure of the Ruby language.
Python and Ruby are fair comparisons because a skilled programmer in these languages can produce code just as quickly as a skilled Perl programmer but guess whose program you'll be most likely to understand first time.
I think you should consider another explanation, because its the one for me: Ruby, Python, et al just aren't that much "better" and when you couple that with their fairly obvious warts it doesn't make a compelling case.
It's OK for us to accept contributions for things like IronPython and IronRuby, because these are areas where we are behind and need all the help we can get to persuade you to run your Python and Ruby code on our platform.
I suspect it's because I'd attempted to setup yeoman in the past before there was a nice npm install pathway, coupled with the lack of dependecies my machine (I installed an up to date ruby+python in between break and fix).
Things are actually the other way around than you describe; languages like Python and Ruby are both more powerful and more dangerous than Smalltalk because there is so little distinction between editing code and running it.
Ok, so we can make a language like Python, Ruby, Lua, Lisp, etc, that is really elegant and clean, but runs more slowly, because we don't really care if we waste a few percent of an ever increasing number of computer cycles.
And since these languages will eventually start out with fully-functional libraries (better than most languages will ever get, in fact: everything Perl has to provide, and possibly Python and Ruby later), they will be usable.
Similarly, a lot of people are happy with Java as it is, and have no use for ruby, python, o'caml, you name it, because what they have does the job, it solves the problems they need solving in a way they are comfortable with.
I have not digged into the code yet, so, I can not say much more, however I believe python is better because we can use swig to call some existing c functions(I am not sure whether there a similar bridge between Ruby and c++).
Amazing! I've been particularly interested in what Code.org is doing because Code Fellows  is working on the same meme and market, i.e. teaching people to program and code languages of all kinds like Ruby on Rails, IOS, Python.
Then you can try stuff like perl, ruby etc. and decide if you like them better to carry on programming in (I'm a perl-head because ruby and python have less capable object systems, but I don't really object to any of the three)
I've dabbled a 'little' in Python, but have previously spent more time in Ruby and C.  I really want a better feel for it, as I have some things I'd like to port over, and use with some of the premium tools, like Canvas and Core.
As for the argument of porting over Python and Ruby for .Net, that is because Microsof thas rightfully realized the importance of these languages and wants to make sure they are present in its most important development platform.
Also, learning a high-level language with lots of abstraction capabilities (like Ruby, Python, Lisp or D) might help you program better in lower-level languages where some of the techniques might still be usable, but less obvious.
I never learned Python in any depth (partly because I discovered Ruby, and fell in love with it, right around the same time I was tinkering with Python), but I've noticed that people say very similar things about the two languages.
I think we might do better to just try to include high-school students in some of the professional development opportunities that already exist in, for example, the boulder ruby community and the Northern Colorado python community.
The real point to take from Antonio Cangiano's article, Holy Shmoly, Ruby 1.9 smokes Python away! , is not that Ruby 1.9 runs circles around Python, but that Ruby 1.9's performance appears to be dramatically better than Ruby 1.8's.
Speed is crucial to the long term wide use of Parrot, but for the immediate future consider that the JVM, Ruby, PHP, Python, and Perl all made huge gains in the market when their performance was dramatically worse than it is today.
But if those queries had been implemented procedurally using a key/value or pile-of-files database, it may have well been the case that a high-level scripting language such as Tcl, Python, or Ruby may have worked out better than C.
Perhaps it's only interesting because I learnt lambdas from a functional language background, where I expect that they work a particular way, and the rest of the world that learnt lambdas through Python, Ruby or JavaScript disagree.
I've always viewed Ruby as a much closer competitor for Perls ecological niche, not just because of the borrowed ideas, but because both Perl and Ruby take their functional programming support rather more seriously that Python does.
... "Groovy is the best choice because it was built from the ground up for the Java Platform and uses syntax that is familiar to Java developers, while leveraging some of best features that Python, Ruby and Smalltalk have to offer."
Currently, it comes with a custom Theme called "Abyss" (i like red), and some syntax highlighting improvements for python and ruby (for example, function- and class names in definitions are better visible, python-decorators work now).
Note:  Because of the way in which Jython and JRuby dynamically generate Java classes, you may encounter memory problems if you load several different Python or Ruby extensions, or if you unload and reload an extension multiple times.
More or less both Python and Ruby as easy to learn (maybe Python is a bit easier and better documented overall, but Ruby has a beatiful "Pragmatic programmer" book that you can get for free and it is much better than the Python tutorial)
However, learning how to solve simple (and not so simple) problems using Java (or Python, or PHP, or Ruby, or C#, or ...) may well make you more productive, and puts you in a better position to appreciate what is, and is not, achievable.
which is a nice and short answer from someone who works on it (I don't and therefore can't really provide any useful answer anyway beside that I think, that C# is much better designed then Java but still not as good as Python and Ruby ;)
The python code is more complex than Java, because Java programming language's syntax is like a C/C++ and etc, but Python... is exclusive, like Ruby (I think so, because yesterday I have red an article about Ruby hello world application)
I would still have to lookup syntax and APIs in order to do what I wanted, mainly because I have been working across a large set of programming languages and frameworks (C#, VB, VB.NET, Python, Perl (yuck!), PHP, Django, Ruby, Rails, etc).
I found this quite surprising because I assumed it was a me-too technology, but what we saw was highly impressive (They are even building support for both Python and Ruby right into Silverlight, something I also hope will happen with Flex).
Jason: What I particularly like about the mlxcc project that Andy Bruno created is that it's a code-once/reuse-many approach because it has the core functionality in C code and uses SWIG to support languages like Perl, Python, Ruby, and PHP.
I have worked at plenty of places who want to use Ruby or Python on some big enterprise-style projects, but are consistently "shot down" by IT managers and corporate security teams precisely because of the open source nature of the projects.
And, wonderful as CPAN is, think how much better it will be if you can take existing Python and Ruby code and integrate it into your Perl6 project without even thinking about it, with a simple use Whatever :py; (or whatever it ends up being).
some very large popular projects like PostgreSQL and Linux, etc use c c is very convenient for python and ruby extensions c# and java are arguably a better tool for the job for many kinds of software that want a c-like-object-oriented language
1) giving JS end-users direct access to your terminal is the scariest idea ever, in terms of security, and is 100% impossible without some interfacing server language/framework (php/perl/ruby/c#/python/java/c++/NodeJS), because it is so scary.
Second, I'm wondering if the primary use is mathematical, then perhaps my time would be better spent learning Mathematica Programming Language, or R, or something based less on GUI and more on simple coding of algorithms, maybe Python or Ruby?
No bearing on the original topic, and I may just be calling out a typo, but for the record the current Python implementation is much faster than the implementations of Ruby, Perl, or PHP because it uses Java-esque bytecode partial-compilation.
Python&Django/Pyramid, Scala&Lift/Play, Ruby&Rails, Groovy&Grails etc etc get a lot of buzz nowadays - and are definitely worth checking out if you're keen to learn something new - but there's never been a better time to be hacking PHP than now.
If its me doing things, then Open Source rules, because almost everything that I need is open sourced (gcc/llvm, cmake, doxygen, python, ruby and eclipse) (I mainly program in C/C++, python, java, ruby and occasionally I do some web development)
Ruby's great (and a close match for Python in niche and functionality, which is why I'm using it specifically), but our Ruby guys can't do that because they love to make things as concise as possible - it allows them to show how clever they are.
But, I also want to touch one of python, ruby, php, whichever is not receiving too much criticism (for the right reasons) and has potential for growth (by growth i mean language becoming better and more popular, and not scope for career growth).
It seems like the selling point of Ruby/Python/Java/etc is the code is more readable because it doesn't have built-in language support for regex syntax, therefore the code is more elegant looking because you don't have inline regular expressions.
Some languages will lend themselves better to this than others, but among the likes of C, C++, Java, Ruby, Perl, Python, PHP, etc., it comes down to personal preference and the fine details of your project to know which is best suited for the task.
Van Rossum: Python Not Much Worse Than Ruby "Python creator Guido van Rossum discusses the prospects and criticisms of Python, noting that critics of Python should supplement with Ruby rather than re-engineering Python apps into a better language."
Amusing result for people who like bashing my favourite language... when i google for "Weird perl problem", i get back 1,880,000 results... could be bad... except that ruby (2,000,000), python (2,030,000) and php (3,490,000) seem to be doing worse.
I've now used Ruby far more than I've used Python simply because I enjoy Ruby's syntax more, Rails is built in it and I genuinely like the community around it (which is not to imply that Python's community isn't just as likable, I just don't know).
If you're working with certain languages, specifically dynamic languages like Ruby, JavaScript, Python, etc., then there is a real need for testing because the interpreter will not catch many errors that are caught by a compiler with strict typing.
Ruby breaks through this barrier because it works for beginners who really need a glue language without limitations (Python, Perl or Ruby) as well as for people who are going to be pushing the limits of OO before they are through with their careers.
I implemented it in OOOR because for me in Ruby it was a snap (I hadn't more time to waste), now if some Python red neck wants to rip the code and makes it an OpenERP module that document any OpenERP Object or collection of objects, then be my guest.
I am guilty of writing a lot of poorly constructed programs because I should have considered the code optimization I would have learned in dealing with C. But still, learning Python has enabled me to make this jump to Ruby without too many headaches.
(And even in a language without built-in support for tainting, there are usually much better ways, such as subtyping (Python, Ruby, Smalltalk, ...), annotations/attributes (Java, C#, ...), metadata (Clojure, ...) and static typing (Haskell, ML, ...).)
There are lots of world class open source projects out there that gets picked because they are simply better than their closed source equivalents - linux, apache, postgresql, spamassassin, varnish, ruby, python, gcc/llvm, webkit, postfix, dovecot etc.
People have to write one-off computer programs using Python or Ruby or something to scrape a site, rather than use a tool like Kapow, because newsrooms can't (and never have) invest that kind of money into something that really isn't mission-critical.
Any "sane" web server runtime (either a recent IIS with ASP.NET or Apache with PHP/Python/Ruby, or a Java Servlet Container, or you pick yours) either leaves the %u... stuff alone (because this escaping style is deprecated), or translates the whole into
Information Week explained "because REST isn't tied to a specific platform or technology, developers should be able to create Glass-compatible services using their favorite programming language, whether that's PHP, Python, Ruby, Java or something else."
I plan on adding the UnityScript/C# with Unity3D myself eventually because I have experience with it, but for stuff like Python, Lua, and Ruby, I'll need some others to recommend good tutorials (not just any tutorial you can find on Google - good ones!)
"Languages like Ruby and Python become popular and phase out of popularity just as quickly, but JavaScript remains because of its connection to browsers," says Sims. "We're focused on creating a great user experience right now and on educating the world."
I'm interested in learning another scripting language, mostly for fast proto-typing and also because I have a gut feeling, that at least in Open Source circles, languages like Python and Ruby are starting to pick up steam for glueing together applications.
As far as I know Parrot is a register based virtual machine and should be especially suited for _dynamic_ languages like Perl, Python, Ruby, ... Time will tell if the theoretic advantages here will result in a better real-world performance as the other VMs.
And because this particular implementation kind of sucked (the plugin had to be written in C and was kind of befuddling and I'm more of a Perl/Python/Ruby/Java person), I'm so happy that modern Linux media players report this information right out of the box.
And ideally I'd like to build things in my favorite programming language, which happens to be Ruby -- but only by a slim margin, because I love several other languages too, including Python, Scheme, Lisp, the "D" language, C (but not C++), and various others.
You often see lots of grumbling and cursing in various companies because people actually end up doing that and companies end up with lots of stuff hooked to the DB - MS Access, perl, python, ruby, java, radius servers, openvpn, accounting and finance stuff...
People start to create computer languages without carrying too much about the target processor opcodes (because in that time processor were just getting faster with time) and focus more on programmer convenience, and wild beasts like python and ruby were born..
Apart from the fact that languages such as Python, Ruby, Haskell do have very powerful functional programming support for like 10-15 years - and IMHO better one than C# or LINQ - all this goes back to Lisp , which will be celebrating 50th anniversary next year.
It is used in production at Google since May 2010, but beside the fact that it replaces C++ very effectively, it also tends to be used in place of Python or Ruby because its compilation speed is suitable for scripting, while it produces fast binary executables.
I wanted to waste the least space possible on code to perform this function, because I was contrasting with Ruby and Python examples, where there is no need to write any code for this because both languages include strip methods in their built in String classes.
OpenGL can be coded in anything, Delphi, Python, C (gcc), C++, perl, Ruby, etc. 4) The only thing you got right, remotely 5) completely bogus: Before version 9 or 10, DirectX was the most hard and retarded thing to pick up, then it slowly, very slowly, got better.
NodeJS is particular interesting in its transfer of the browsers async programming model into the server-side space, though its hardly a new idea (python, ruby async servers have been around for a while) JS seems to be much better suited to this than those languages.
Google code is very much Java and Javascript oriented (very much due to the fact that it's the languages they promote internally, with Python to a lesser extent), git hosts many more Ruby projects, again probably because the technologies behind are Rails/Ruby friendly.
2006-08-10 .NET and Java to get better dynamic language support:  Microsoft and Sun Microsystems are committed to bringing dynamic language support to their development platforms, a move that could popularize Python and Ruby on .NET and the JVM...  Ars Technica  [ rm ]
Even "rebel" languages like PHP and Perl have realized that it's unproductive not to follow standards (Perl+Python+Ruby are defining the Parrot VM so they can share code between languages; PHP 5.0 is modeling itself after Java so that it can integrate better with J2EE.).
For me, ofcourse its not enough that's why I also know ASP & JSP & am learning Ruby then will look at Python & maybe perhaps .NET as well!! 4) Perhaps Ruby can answer this better as to what she needs!! 5) Yes, Ruby can run on apache but the recommended server is Lighttpd.
This was true of languages like C, JavaScript, Python, Ruby and so forth, and secondarily true of Java (which originally emerged, ironically, as a language to better write web components), C# (which was an attempt to bind a Java-like language to the .NET world) and so on.
I'm not really sure that's all that true: even if Python frameworks caught up with where Rails was, there are lots of Ruby frameworks -- inspired by people hitting places where Rails wasn't ideal -- that are better than Rails for lots of things (including Merb, which is mer
So, from technical standpoint, spending valuable time and resources on improving what OS movement has/had (Python, Java, Ruby) would be much better time spent than working on Mono from scratch, just to have it now legally avaiable just on one MS alternative platform/distro.
A few years ago I had a series of blog posts asking people to describe their actual pain points for Java, Ruby, C#, and Python, and I realized that it might help me explain ScalaTest better if I could gain a better idea of what people actually find painful using JUnit today.
Whatever people think about Drupal or any other framework, keep in mind that apparently it's PHP (and not Ruby, Python or pure C) which is more than a good enough enabler because PHP allows people to build a sophisticated content-management-framework like Drupal on top of it.
for speed i recommend everyone to couple that language with a faster lang like C or C++ anyway) they somewhat both fill the same ecosystem, and i predict that both ruby and python will grow (besides, every language with strong www aspect will grow because the www still grows)
I can wax lyrical about the technical superiority of languages like Self, Smalltalk and Lisp as compared to lesser languages like Java and C# (and even Ruby and Python), but this doesn't matter a jot if people just aren't 'comfortable' with these supposedly 'superior' languages.
Perhaps a more valid conclusion would be you are observing the bloat that results from performance optimizations so the most concise languages from your data are those that cannot be optimized because they are fundamentally inefficient (Python, Ruby, Javascript, Perl, Lua, PHP).
If I have to do it with Python, Ruby, I know where to go (Django or Rails), but if I want to make a web application in Clojure, not because I'm forced to live in a Java world, but because I like the language and I want to give it a try, what libraries and frameworks should I use?
It is fair to say that most web development today occurs in dynamic languages like PHP, Python, and Ruby, and we see the results: cross-site scripting attacks, applications that do not scale, and countless minor bugs entering production because they can only be detected at runtime.
Haskell and other languages with real higher-order functions (Java and Python don't count, JavaScript and Perl and Ruby do, I haven't used C#, and I don't have the heart to test PHP) can take you to the next level, where you manipulate functions as if they were data, because they are.
I think that this is very important step, which we need to do, because such format fragmentation is bad, and not only for independant software developers, but for other tools and languages, who reinventing own packaging, like vim, python, ruby, nodejs, php, eclipse and many many others
Language specialists are becoming more common, because many internet-scale companies write high-concurrency components in functional programming like Erlang, Scala, or Clojure, generally handled by a different set of developers than the authors of the Ruby, Python, or PHP web components.
I can write a wrapper layer for the C implementation of Python to have it do the correct automatic garbage collection, but can't figure out how to use Ruby for the same task, because finalization order isn't guaranteed and because it assumes C extension types are always through pointers.]
(or less personally what happens when anyone has to maintain code written by someone else?) What you're really saying is the old argument that because C/C++/Fortran/Basic can be written cleanly we don't need languages like Java/Python/Ruby/Ratfor that make clean code a lot easier to write.
A more strict interpretation of an 'interpreted language' only becomes useful when discussing performance issues of the VM, for example, compared with Python, Ruby was (is?) considered to be slower because it is an interpreted language, unlike Python - in other words, context is everything.
That's not to say the other languages/frameworks you listed don't have problems (because they do... particularly JavaScript), but Ruby and Python are a good combination of cheap (free) and flexible, plus very easy to read/follow/maintain (for the most part), with a healthy software ecosystem.
Yes, Code Academy has an excellent course over Python, but if I recall correctly it is better to take the Ruby one first, as there are things that you go over in the Ruby one that will give you "ah ha" moments in the python one (especially the latter tutorials, that don't guide you very much).
so if you like to program with a bagillion diffrent ways to do one thing then perl is great for you, if you like easy to read and manage then python is for you...and ruby is close enough to python than it is good for readability and manageability(does ruby have better performance than python?)
Guys, seriously, the cadence worked for Ruby on Rails, and the silly reference might have worked for Python on Planes if they went through with it, but you're going to have to come up with a better name than Snails on Methamphetamine if you ever want to make COBOL a "cool" programming language.
In a recent blog post, Artima's Bill Venners notes that while dyanamic languages, such as Python or Ruby, tend to improve developer productivity, it's not because of their dynamic type system, but mainly because of their rich language features: Getting Dynamic Productivity in a Static Language :
On the other hand, if you ask Tcl people about GUI programming, they'll all say "Tk" (even though there are other ways available), while if you try asking that to a group of Perl, Python, Ruby, etc. users you'd better be prepared for a long drawn out discussion of the many competing alternatives.
Incidentially, some things I add to the course: - dtksh (which is wsh and ksh-93) - I dis Perl a bit, 'cause it's fun - I pay little attention to Python, Tcl, Ruby, et al, because it's too much for this class in five days and the premise is to use tools that come bundled with the operating system.
None of the above stack with Enterprise Linux running a whole buffet of open source stuff like MySQL (now under Sun's domain so can be looked at seriously), Apache (there are apache gurus out there), Ruby ( not my personal choice)/ PHP (good luck) / Python (I like it because its a mature language).
So, tell me, Mr. Coward: Does that single CD also contain an office suite, multiple SQL servers, a full suite of programming languages (C/C++, perl, ruby, python, java, and more), dozens of games, etc. etc. etc? No? Then you better count the CDs for MS Office, SQL Server, Visual Studio, etc. etc. etc.
I have done a fair bit more looking into this and the only things I am left wondering are: Which should I learn after html/css - java/grails, ruby/ror, python/django, scala/lift - I think It is good because I can start out with the 'best' language rather than choosing a framework based on what I know.
I care about the philosophy of a language, which is the philosophy of its community: and when I had to choose between Ruby or Python I chose Python because of (the perception I had) of its community; similarly, when I had to choose between Common Lisp and Scheme I chose Scheme because of the community.
Similarity with C/Java/PHP can still be a consideration (see the accepted answer by Pat), but just because other languages contain superfluous syntax elements does not mean we should keep them in JavaScript, especially since many other languages (Coffeescript, Python, Ruby, Scala, Lua) do not require them.
The result was that because of 1) objections to Sun's control of the language, and 2) Sun's priorities in terms of support for certain platforms and not others, Java lost a lot of ground in the back-end space to Python, Ruby, and others, and the space occupied by the applet was essentially devoured by Ajax.
Your first argument is wrong: - "Why would anyone not want Ruby on Linux?" - "Because Python already exists" - "Why would anyone not want Python on Linux?" - "Because Perl exists" - "Why would anyone not want Java on Linux?" - "Because C++ exists" - "Why would anyone not want C++ on Linux?" - "Because C exists"
I guess the point of this long winded post is that in regards to python marketing/evangelizing, especially as it relates to the rise in popularity of RoR/ruby and ajax when it comes to db web apps, python would be in a lot better position if it ironed out the portability issues in the underlying web and db apis.
The path that took me to Nu started with Python and PyObjC, and frankly I think that Python isn't as good a match for Objective-C as Ruby is; this is primarily because in Ruby, everything is an object, and that means that under the covers, every Ruby (and now Nu) object can be implemented as an Objective-C object.
After years of both OO, as much RM as I could get through SQL, and functional programming through Lisp, I feel that OO is the inferior abstraction framework, especially as implemented in Java and C++ (and Ruby and Python don't give me any special reason to re-embrace OO, though I appreciate their functional aspects).
Groovy and Grails are cool, but really hasn't got the widespread community support nor awesome Gems etc. that Rails has... and so whilst I've looked at using it, frankly if I were going to use something other than Ruby/Rails it would be Python, just because since discovering Ruby and Rails my brain now likes Python too.
Most of the features in the list I quoted are impossible without either a superhero-sized shoehorn to wedge feature after features into the internals without destroying the whole thing (because refactoring is nearly impossible), or magic candy-flavored unicorns (and the Ruby and Python communities have prior art there).
So if you one day a better language comes about and takes over Python/Perl/Ruby (remember, languages do evolve), and Perl/Python/Ruby now becomes the "underlanguage", so now, are you going to change your point of view, in this case, we should not spend time learning Perl/Python/Ruby because they are now "underlanguages" ?
There are a variety of other web frameworks out there, some of the most common of which are Pylons or Django for Python, Rails for Ruby (which I personally despise), or UnCommon Web for Common Lisp, all of which languages can also comfortably be used for non-web development (and are rather superior to Java, in my opinion).
And what I mean by that is if Parrot becomes a good runtime for dynamic typed languages and the reason for the popularity of Perl is because of CPAN, and you can have automagic bindings between languages, then why use Perl when you can use Ruby or Python if they have 99% of the regex power of Perl and a much cleaner syntax.
I know that Sun's SunStudio compiler suite now provides a variety of language 'bindings' (for want of a better term) -- if we could have documentation on how to migrate those bindings, and (more importantly) how to create our own (eg for c, c++, python, perl, ruby, lisp etc etc) then that would be a big win for the community.
It's kind of funny since Java has built in support for scripting languages, which can run on the Java Virtual Machine (much better then any VM used by Python or Ruby), there are even nice implementations, like Groovy, which has all such loved elements of scripting languages: no parenthesis and semicolons, closures, dynamic typing).
However, I find that the XNA framework is much more easier to dive into than most 3D libraries written in Java, and you can use Java with XNA; it's the same argument people make when picking up Ruby instead of Python because Ruby on Rails is something they connect to much more easily (or understand more) than, say, Django or Flask.
That's why Python, despite its "non-Unix" origin is more viable scripting language now then, say, Perl (which is better integrated with Unix and has pretty innovative for scripting languages support of pointers and regular expressions), or Ruby (which has support of coroutines from day 1, not as "bolted on" feature like in Python).
(They will still user perl for 1 liners because sometimes perl can do in one like what Ruby/Python will need 10, but for anything more than 2 lines of perl they will use Python/Ruby because they are better) Same goes for most other scripting languages - people still use them, but when they use Ruby or Python when there is a choice.
(And there's a good reason a lot of people adopting Go have been coming not from the C++/Java camps that the Go developers expected, but from Python and Ruby: because Go gives you the raw speed of a concurrent and native-compiled language, plus libraries designed by actual engineers, without a lot of the verbose bullshit of C++ or Java.
Anyone who's used Ruby or another dynamic language (I suppose Python is good, but I can't stand the syntax and whitespace-nazism) and started to really grok it and what you can do with a dynamic language with a friendly syntax generally feels a resistance from deep down in their soul-area when they have to go back to Java-land or worse.
There is a mountain of evidence from many projects (Linux, Ruby on Rails, Python, etc.) about the quality demonstrated by such systems and there is a great belief in many places that the open source model may be superior in many ways to traditional (commercial, individual) development approaches that are happening in closed environments.
The reason is that pure-as-in-only is a reasonable distinction to use to classify object-oriented languages, because there are languages like Java and C++, which clearly have values that don't have all that much in common with objects, and there are also languages like Python and Ruby, for which it can be argued that every value is an object 1
Actually it's not that easy, because Python, Ruby and so on have compilers that compile them into bytecode for the JVM (which is a STACK BASED virtual machine), but Android uses the Dalvik VM, which is a REGISTER-BASED virtual machine (it's a completely different approach), and as such it doesn't use bytecode but a proprietary "Dalvik ByteSet".
The big difference is in the idioms and conventions of the languages; for example, Ruby programmers, IME, tend to be much more willing to do things like adding new functionality to the built-in classes, while Python programmers are generally hesitant to do "monkeypatching" anywhere (and can't do it to the built-ins, because they're not mutable).
.NET is not an operating system; it is closest in operation to the Java Virtual Machine: I believe your real question would be to choose between Visual Basic .NET, C#, or Java; do not forget, however, that other languages do exist (LISP, C++, Python, and Ruby, to name some of the more popular ones) which may be better suited to your environment.
You'd be a great fit to our team if you have: - 2+ years of software engineering experience in production - Proven yourself as an A+ engineer through great work results, interesting hobby projects, open source contributions, or superior academic results - Deep experience with multiple programming languages including Python, C, Java, Ruby, JavaScript
I think that Python is superior to many other languages for teaching introductory programming because it allows the student to focus less on details such as types, compilers, and writing boilerplate code and more on the algorithms and data structures relevant to performing their intended tasks (similar arguments could be made for languages such as Ruby).
As the post above stated (which you clearly did not read, because you know better) this issue actually affects multiple application platforms to varying degrees (PHP, Java, ASP.NET, v8, Python and Ruby) so unless your proposed Apache solution is to just serve static content - and your business won't thank you for that - then it probably won't help at all.
I might be inclined to start with an object-oriented language like Python/Ruby, plus one of the corresponding frameworks like Rails (Ruby) or Django (Python), because this will give you a quick route into OO/web application development and a lot of the knowledge will be easily transferable to other languages/platforms like Java, C# and even OO PHP or JavaScript.
On another note, we are already seeing "enterprisey" toolkits from organizations like Apache, Sun, and Microsoft supporting both a SOAP (transport-independent) binding and a REST-compatible one over HTTP... Let's help these efforts out by better describing what it means to bind Web resources to languages like Java and C#, in addition to ones like Ruby and Python.
A better error message spares the need for the newbie D programmer to know what the linker is doing (eventually to program in D seriously you need to know why the linker is working, but asking such knowledge from day zero is not wise, especially because some future D programmer may come from JavaScript, Python, Ruby, Java, etc where there is no experience about linkers).
So I created phash to replace gperf in the long term, by using better algorithms to handle any data ( gperf fails to work with anagrams or weird keys), to create optimally fast C libraries or optimally small C libraries for fast hash lookups, and even provide backends to output perfect hashes for several popular programming languages, like perl (XS), java, ruby, php or python.
I have extensive experience with C, C++, Java, Python, PHP, Perl, Javascript, SQL, and lots more... And, I'd be just as excluded by you because my CS degree is from the University of Utah, and I haven't worked at Google as I would be by the recruiter who's never written a line of code and doesn't know that someone with my background can learn Ruby and be proficient in a week or 2 at most.
I have been trying out a bunch of Ruby, Python, Django, and PHP tutorials lately but they're all kind of useless because they're not directly applicable to a hosted, "live site" environment that I'm used to ... So, I'm trying to install MySQL on my Intel Macs running 10.5.4 (powerbook and imac) to have a local testing environment but BANG I'm an idiot and I cannot get through this apparently simple tutorial.
The single implementation languages such as Python and Ruby (or at least dominant implementation languages, since even Python and Ruby have Jython and JRuby, for instance), have an advantage with respect to these issues because they have a strong decision maker (Guido or Matz) taking input but then giving strong direction (like it or not, Python 3000 will be what Guido wants it to be, an Ruby 1.9 will be whatever Matz wants it to be).
In reality, such a language does not yet exist, making web applications development 10 times more difficult than what they should be: the minimum number of languages to use for a web app is 5: 1) html, 2) css, 3) javascript, 4) java/php/ruby/python/perl/whatever, 5) XML...and let's not count the various XML schemas required for various domains of the back end, because the number of 'languages' one needs to know will grow exponentially!
I am looking into learning how to program and I am trying to pick a language that is pretty simple less than 6 months to get the fundamentals and I want to do some scripting/automating simple stuff and also be able to talk with com ports.I am pretty good with HTML and CSS should I look into a object oriented web language first or what.Looked a Python and Ruby because they both have web frameworks should I stick with those or try something else thanks.
We are in a status quo and until the next Java release, we will be, for some, this thing is annoying because, they look at other platforms and see that things are moving somewhere, for instance .NET evolved in the last years and I think in the next months a good amount of java developers will migrate to .NET, just for this reason only and we should look to other posibilities like Python, Ruby, Scala, that will have their part of disappointed java developers that will find their way there.
