which is better camera?canon or nikon?
Canon can be a better customer than Nikon
IMHO they do a better job with Nikon than Canon.
Canon and Nikon are better than Sony and Pentax !
Canon EOS-1D X VS Nikon D4 - Which One is Better?
Nikon and Canon had better not get too complacent.
Will Nikon survive their decision better than Canon?
Don Zeck offers superior Canon / Nikon lens protection
And, the Nikon D800 IS MUCH BETTER than the Canon 5Dmark3.
"Nikon equipment for sale, because I am switching to Canon"
The Canon 7D and Nikon D7000 sell because of their brand name.
The picture is non much better than Canon SX200 or Nikon s710.
I did better with my Canon, but the Nikon is a little trickier.
I choose Nikon because I prefer it more than the Canon features.
And, the manual focus on Canon L lenses is superior to Nikon IME
I don't know if Nikon is in shambles and Canon is so much better.
i have nikon and from all i've seen, canon video works much better.
Nikon and Canon will have to offer better products at better prices.
Now the truth is that the Nikon D800 is better than the Canon 5Dmark3.
for years canon was raising MP and nikon was saying less MP are better.
I would own a canon 5d mkI or nikon d700 simply because it has no video.
Canon can get away with this only because Nikon isn't doing much, either.
Many many better cameras (not only Canon or Nikon) out there for lot less.
So, here's an example Canon build (only because I'm unfamiliar with Nikon):
Would that question be better asked in the appropriate Canon or Nikon forum?
Nikon and Canon lenses hold their value much better than third-party lenses.
Contrast: Tamron and Sigma were better than Canon and Nikon but all were OK.
Canon/Nikon is interested in high ISO because their professionals need them.
The Canon 1dx and 5d3 jpegs look so much better than Nikon d4 and d800 jpegs.
This for me would make it a way better hybrid than any Nikon or Canon offering.
Mythbusters - Canon 6D's AF is rebel-grade and certainly inferior to Nikon D6x0
The purpose of Nikon putting out an 800mm lens is simply because Canon has one.
I would stick with canon or nikon because they have the best selection of lenses.
I switched to Nikon because I do not like at all the marketing strategy of Canon.
If you like the Canon/Nikon, you should expect they make better products for you.
To say Sony has a small lens system is to say Canon has better video than nikon...
But they refused, because Canon and Nikon could refuse sending lenses for testing.
I have seen people prefer canon over nikon because of the way canon handles colors.
I switched to Canon because now Nikon is getting into mega pixel race Canon was in.
Canon company is rubbing his hands because they are gaining ground Nikon very fast.
In my opinion, Nikon cameras are better than Canon dslr cameras except D40 and D60.
Ultimately, we want to answer the question: which is better for you, Nikon or Canon?
Plus Nikon and Canon have a huge advantage because of their installed base of lenses.
Despite the better image quality of the Nikon system, I decided to go with the Canon.
This is because neither the PW or YN use exactly the same signalling as Canon & Nikon.
So far, I'd say the Nikon system worked better than the Canon AI Focus (I'm using 7D).
Canon, Nikon and LEICA don't let every store sell their cameras just because they ask.
Are the lenses more or less expensive Canon/Nikon (better yet, who has the best deals)
I shoot Canon because when I went to buy a camera the equivalent Nikon was out of stock.
Canon or Nikon seems to be the better choice than Sony Alpha 100, considering the noise.
Every time Nikon out performs Canon, it makes me feel a little better about my decision.
The results are better than the Canon 180mm and the 100mm and surpasses the Nikon 105mm.
So because Nikon haven't yet announced the new D800, you want to buy an old Canon model?
Nikon tends to have superior glass, while Canon seems to have more advanced electronics.
IMHO Nikon lenses have always been better than Canon and good lenses are the bottom line.
PRESS RELEASE: New Don Zeck Lens Cap Offers Superior Protection for Canon or Nikon Lenses
I love Nikon because the system feels better to me, but Canon makes a great product also.
Canon is also getting better, but I would not say they are ahead of Nikon in terms of QA.
Every manufactures of DSLRs can offer you something better: Pentax, Canon, Nikon or Sony.
Nikon and Canon dslr owners are fighting it out bashing each other who's the better system.
I was avoiding Nikon a few months ago because their lens are more money then the Canon lens.
I'd like to say it was because i liked Canon over Nikon, but for me it was simple economics.
Traditionally, Canon had the higher resolution while Nikon had better high ISO capabilities.
You'll see it change as you adjust it, far better than guessing as you do with Nikon and Canon.
The reason Canon and Nikon have got where they are is because they make some excellent cameras.
Although I'd buy a Nikon P&S just because my main camera is a Canon and I enjoy being contrary.
Let me repeat, the Oly twin lens kit is significantly better than the Canon or Nikon equivalent.
After all, Canon is much bigger enterprise than Nikon: They have far better engineers with PhDs.
The F/4 line is what Canon has done better but Nikon is only a 70-200 away from completing that.
We threw them into the mix just to see how much the Canon and Nikon lenses were better than them.
I have yet to find a better speed light TTL-BL situation than my Nikon (or Canon for that matter).
After I took this shot the photographer came over, looked at my Nikon and said, "Canon is better!"
As said before Canon have always been better priced than the Nikon so hopefully this will continue.
THE NIKON D800 HAS ALREADY PROVED TO BE BETTER THAN CANON 5Dmk3 and even better than the Phase one.
Even though I came from Nikon, with Nikon muscle memory, the Canon vertical grip just feels better.
Canon, in aggregate and on average, has better lenses than Nikon (in terms of sharpness, at least).
Sony cameras actually have better battery performance with similar size/sensor Canon/Nikon cameras.
All said, I wouldn't forgo the low-end DSLRs from Canon or Nikon because of any of these complaints.
I choose the Nikon because it came with two lens for the same price as the Canon with just one lens.
The call it "Canon Made" or "Nikon Made" because they use the original screens und just cut them out.
I skipped the 5d 5d2 D700 for this generation because of the minor upgrades (canon) and low mp (Nikon.
Canon and Nikon sit at the top only because the average consumer is aligned with the pro at the moment.
Even though I have a Canon 20D and love it, from all the reviews I've read, the Nikon D200 sounds better.
And have no experience with Canon, I don't know if they would to better thank Nikon about quality control.
There are a few radio triggers like Phottix which do have Nikon or Canon versions because they support TTL.
Just compare an A7 pro kit versus a Canon and Nikon pro kit, and its half the size and weight, and superior.
High ISO performance is also exceptional, superior to anything produced by Canon or Nikon at ANY price point.
Wait for the next versions which should have better AF, FPS, ISO for Canon and a higher resolution for Nikon.
Funny because he shoots Nikon DSLR and I shoot Canon DSLR, we need to trade point and shoots for consistency.
in the first place nikon produced better than canon in stills, and canon is better compared to nikon in video.
Technology goes so fast right now and there is still the big Nikon / Canon which-one-is-better "war" going on.
For Canon and Nikon respectives you're probably looking at the better part of $2000+ for 24-70 and 70-200 f2.8
Definitely spend a little time and money renting gear from both Canon and Nikon to see which suits you better.
It could have been worse, for Canon! they could have tested it on a current gen Nikon camera with a new sensor
Nikon has always made a great product as well, but I have always used Canon SLRs because of my lens collection.
If Canon or Nikon made a competitive CSC, the % would change dramatically, purely because of brand recognition.
Yes, try to invest the big bucks in glass and where possible go with the (usually better) Nikon or Canon glass.
I would surmise that the Nikon D800 would provide an even better print quality than the old Canon, wouldn't you?
Smaller than the Nikon and Canon 70-200 2.8 lenses, but sharper, crisper, more pop, better bokeh and better made.
I think Heather had a good point about being able to get help for a Canon or Nikon because they are more popular.
It is easier to find Canon to Nikon adaptors than Canon FD/EF adaptors, and without glass they work a lot better.
Quote: Both Canon and Nikon produce top quality lenses - neither manufacturer is universally better than the other
Canon decided not to just bring out a competitor, but hit Nikon hard with something better in terms of resolution.
THE ONE AND FUCKING ONLY THING NIKON HAS DONE BETTER THAN CANON FOR HOW MANY YEARS NOW??? (i.e. the 200-400 zoom?)
Imagine the Canon and Nikon teams examining the original RX100: oh, we can do better by offering an accessory EVF.
Nikon switched from DX to FX in their pro Dx line because Canon was winning with a bigger thingy in their cameras.
Now I have no comparison because I know only one person who has a Nikon but uses Zeiss glass - the rest uses Canon.
They think that making more, better, different, enhanced cameras are the answer to winning against Canon and Nikon.
Sigma actually helps Nikon by providing better lenses to Nikonians not to defect to Canon and this is another case.
I think the quality of the video clips is better with the Sony than the Nikon (haven''t checked out the Canon yet).
Not that Canon and Nikon dont make duds..they do but the QC/QA issues are far far fewer and the designs much better.
This is one subject I fear is more controversial than digital vs film, superman vs the hulk or worse canon vs nikon.
The SLR mount by Photojojo is a great product because it can fit a wide variety of SLR lenses, like Nikon and Canon.
I'm between cameras because my Nikon is too old and my Lumix just broke soooo... welcome Canon beauty, come to Mama!
After about 3 months of research, I chose the Nikon over the Canon because the features are much more user-friendly.
Every nikon body is already better than its canon equivalent... where's the point in making a d900, d4 or whatever ?
Just because Nikon, Canon and Panasonic all have OIS, it doesn't mean that they achieve this in exactly the same way.
Every shot you take reflects the quality of the sensor, and - IMO - Sony/Nikon sensors are superior to Canon sensors.
I think the bottom line is; Nikon makes better bodies and Canon makes better lenses (all factors taken into account).
I agree that it's best from f4-f8, but without comparison I don't know if it's all that much worse than Canon or Nikon
It won't be fair because most of my lenses used on A7 are either MF from Nikon/Canon or those Sony ones via an adapter.
I've tried the Canon 18-200 IS, And the Nikon 18-200 VR Is a much better lens with better build quality, And faster AF!
The professional sports photographers have already abandoned the Nikon D1h for the much better Canon 1D (mostly anyway).
I have more concerns in highlights that fortunately Canon matches to Nikon basally (although latter is slightly better).
The reason I ask is because Nikon does not give you an image preview on the back of the camera (luck guys at canon do!).
Canon and Nikon also claim that a lens-based anti-shake system is inherently better too, but the jury's out on that one.
And for what it's worth I use Nikon because Canon does not have a fast full frame camera or an affordable FF with pro AF.
For still photography, the ergonomics and the pictures are much better from Nikon or Canon cameras, at least to my taste.
Many are using Canon and Nikon DSLR cameras because the video quality is much better than standard video news camcorders.
"Canon do have more cross type AF sensors so you would think focusing outside the center point would be better than Nikon.
It shows in their superior NEX line and now they are already two steps ahead of Canon and Nikon on the mirrorless cameras.
I'm gonna test one myself - maybe switch to Canon (Nikon user here) if it's really something better than my Nikon kit lens
Canon/Nikon) I believe you won't find better than Canon's MP-E 65mm f/2.8 lens, which ranges from 1:1 to 5:1 magnification.
I have not used a lens of any focal length (Canon, Nikon, Zeiss, ...) that delivered better/sharper image quality at f/1.4.
"I like Nikon because the shutter sounds much more manly than the Canon, which is, by all practical accounts, a bit effete.
I told you Nikon , i wan't to send you my money, but for 3k this canon set looks a better, and diferent add to my photo bag.
Something like a Nikon D90 (mid range)/ Canon Digital Rebel XTi or Nikon D40 (entry level) would be better idea I would say.
That said, Canon does make good stuff; I find Nikon to have the superior interface, making it easier to use all the features.
I switched to Nikon a few years ago but had to go back to Canon simply because Nikon doesn't have an equivalent of this 135L.
Sara switched from Nikon to Canon a while back and has stuck with them because of her considerable investment in Canon lenses.
Even resurrecting an old brand like Contax would be better than putting Canon/Nikon on the camera (Kyocera killed it in 2002).
Some say that about the 16 Mpix Canon 1Ds MII, fewer say it about the 12 Mpix Nikon D2x because the sensor is so much smaller.
I still think that Pentax is better choice then Canon 550D or Nikon D3100 or D5100, and this is why I'm asking for your advice.
The Shading graphs of Figure 7 indicate that the Nikon 14mm f/2.8 values are about three times (worse) than those of the Canon.
Now, conceding that Nikon offers the better wides, with that extra $2,700 I just saved in buying Canon, I could buy a Nikon D700
Overall the DSLR-A700's performance trails both the Nikon D300 and Canon EOS 40D although does seem better than the Olympus E-3.
I've never even held a Canon to my knowledge, so I can't and won't compare because I'm comfortable and know what Nikon produces.
So if it's better than the Canon 20D, and the Canon 5D isn't really a direct competitor, what is the Nikon D200's closest rival?
If we wanted big we would get a Nikon or Canon for roughly half the price with image quality better or at least as good as m4/3.
I would lean back towards Nikon if their low light performance was better than Canon, even if it meant slightly less resolution.
Too bad the 10mm Switar does not cover, as it is superior, likely, to any lens Canon or Nikon makes in acuity and image quality.
I chose Canon five years ago mainly because it seemed the obvious leader in DSLR, even though I had always wanted to own a Nikon.
The aperture and shutter speed dials are usual Nikon fare, and is so much better than the way either Canon or Sony implements it.
They also make the same lenses in Nikon mount versions... Do they work better for Canon versus the ones that work on Nikon bodies?
I dont want to switch to Nikon because I have a lot of canon lenses (50mm 1.8, 18-200mm and my ultimate favorite the 24-70mm 2.8).
Years ago, when I was trying to decide between similarly spec'ed Canon and Nikon cameras, I chose Canon because of the ergonomics.
Similarly to the Canon, the Nikon 70-200mm f2.8 is sharper than the Sigma, also offering better results for CA and corner shading.
If Nikon is using better sensor technology (vis-a-vis Sony), then it could take another generation of camera for Canon to catch up.
Canon is better off doing that from a marketing perspective than Nikon would be taking the D800 body and throwing in a 22 mp sensor.
It generates higher MTFs than 21-24 Mpix full frames from Canon, Nikon or Sony because its constructors dispensed with an AA filter.
I did not go with a Nikon DSLR because I also wanted to use the camera for video and Canon seemed to be superior in that department.
Either complacency got the better of Canon engineers or perhaps their Nikon counterparts are just more hungry to regain the top spot.
I'll listen to arguments that the Canon 5D3 is as good as the Nikon D800, but I'm having a hard time thinking that it's $500 better .
I can't speak for Nikon because I've never handled one myself, but many photographers prefer the dynamic range from Nikon than Canon.
In some ways this might harm Nikon (already bleeding cash, and already trying to convince people to switch systems) worse than Canon.
I had some old MF Nikkor lenses but surprisingly, with an adapter ring, they worked better in a Canon body than my friends Nikon DSLR.
While I prefer Nikon for DSLRs I like Canon for point and shoots and but I have an LX3 because it fits my needs better as a PS camera.
Fuji has to be proactive because they currently don't have a system, unlike Canon and Nikon who have well established, mature systems.
I think a 1500$ FF is possible nowadays and I wish those nikon D600 rumours are true, because canon will have to do something about it
For now, an entry level Canon or Nikon DSLR is a better bet, coming in with humongous lens and accessory systems and lower price tags.
The X1 Pro had better be top notch, on par with something Canon or Nikon would produce in terms of components and attention to detail.
It would cost the same to go with a brand new D800 and their Nikon 600mm as only the Canon lens because of the big difference in cost.
People are saying, "Dude, Nikon better come out with higher megapixel camera, man, so like, they can be the leader of Canon and Kodak."
Here you clearly see WHY Nikon beats everyone else and why Canon is better than Sony plus why Nikon has pulled away from everyone else.
I can now see why every one buys the Canon for video.. Nikon are loosing heaps of customers because of it.. Really stupid move by them.
Anyone with an existing investment in either Canon or Nikon lenses would probably be better off sticking to their chosen camera system.
I don't want to upgrade to a better Canon camera because I plan to purchase a Nikon, and I probably won't be able to sell my equipment.
Canon sold more cameras than nikon did world wide, but I understand it because canon is a huge company and mass produces more than nikon.
i started this post because I have to laugh when I read people complain about the some of the newer released cameras from canon or nikon.
Having owned all of the Nikon and Canon super-telly lenses, I would rate this a tie with the Canon 300mm IS II, and better than the rest.
I can't get a wholesale price from Nikon or Canon - but Amazon can, so I'll buy from them because they can usually get me the best price.
The Canon S110 is a quality camera, but with a price tag of $399, other camera models like the Nikon P330 or Canon G15 are a better value.
Compare a Nikon raw with a Canon raw in ACR, Canon raw looks more detailed, better micro contrast, it just looks much better in every way.
I'm still going to get a Nikon or Canon because of the price and familiarity, but for anyone considering this camera, it seemed very nice.
And those were found superior by numerous Nikon and Canon photographers, clearly superior to what they had available for their own cameras.
They picked Nikon over Canon (and other brands) mostly because they thought that Nikon provided better value in terms of ergonomics, AF,...
Your mileage may vary but I have yet to hear of wholesale failures in the Sony line that are any worse than Fuji, Oly, Panny, Canon, Nikon.
The difference is that someone shooting Canon, Sony or Nikon is not hostile to the idea because their favorite brand offers multiple sizes.
I would consider some other brands, the nikon/sony/olympus 16mp+ sensors do noticeably better that the Canon for high iso and dynamic range.
I would love to hear more about what makes the Canon better at portraits and landscapes, and the Nikon better at sports and photojournalism.
I prefer Canon and Nikon white balance in better light as well, but the difference isn't as stark, and a lot of that is personal preference.
Sony would have to have radically better AF performance to make on-sensor PD the attraction that gets the attention of the Canon/Nikon users.
A real SLR like the Nikon D70 or Canon Digital Rebel offers far better image quality due to the larger image sensor and far faster operation.
It is also a fact that Nikon has nevder been one of them, and that it has historically been better at dealing with Canon than Nikon raw files.
Nikon, Canon and Pentax all have much better camera technology than Leica (which still makes great lenses but not for the price they charge!).
I quickly found that the Nikon fitted in my hand considerably better than the Canon (D50 vs 350D) so I went with Nikon for that single reason.
I did go back and read the part about dynamic range, but his conclusion still screams "canon fanboy because i dont know how to operate a Nikon"
I am probably going to shoot a hybrid of Nikon and Canon this year, because both have some fantastic new technologies with different strengths.
Canon and Nikon have adopted 24mm as the standard wide angle on their professional zooms because it makes a significant difference in practice.
Canon is more "risky" when taking photos let me say and sometimes it leads me to frustration, but final result could be better than with Nikon.
Nikon D7000 or Canon 60D), but the full frame ones are often still just a little bit better in areas like ruggedness, AF speed, FPS, and noise.
I wonder if the Nikon camp complains about AF & ISO or FPS?  Canon will eventually have better sensors, and Nikon will eventually have better AF.
The camera and lens combination is so much better than the Nikon equivalent and I can't wait to start adding other Canon lenses to my collection.
So what is it about the Nikon D70 or D80 (both supposedly better than what I'm using now) or a pro Canon camera that makes them "better" cameras?
I am not sure if they were hand picked, but they are supposed to be better performers than the run of the mill lens in the Nikon or Canon mounts.
Nikon lost their way with the D4/D800 because they wanted to catch up with Canon as far as video was concerned...but they forgot about the basics.
And even though I went with Canon, I do think that Nikon makes better cameras (even with that said, I'm not switching camps any time soon though).
It may be more expensive but the resale value is higher because it appeals to both Canon and Nikon owners plus there is no messy glue on the mount.
The Nikon D800 video quality is nothing short of stunning for its price point (better than the Canon 5D MKII) as yet Ive not shot with the 5D MKIII
Nikon has great bodies and i really considered the Nikon system but i choosed the Canon mainly because of this lens, the 70-200 F4 and the MP-E 65.
It feels better than the Nikon/Canon of the world since Zeiss put so much efforts into it and almost totally sacrificed the convenience side of it.
There's no better computer for photo editing than the Mac, which is supported by cameras from Canon, Kodak, Nikon, Konica Minolta, Sony and others.
The Canon 500D is the most expensive of the trio because Canon and Nikon avoid competing head-to-head by interleaving price and features in models.
If you are likely to upgrade to higher pro-sport level performance equipment or full frame cameras, then Canon and Nikon are probably better choice.
To get a feel for just how much better the Nikon is is than the competition, have a look at this shootout between the Nikon D3300 and the Canon SL1 .
Perhaps my memory is worse than I thought, but, it doesn't seem all that long ago that Rita posted a reference to a pro-Canon shooter who went Nikon.
Unless you want to trade 24-105 Canon for Nikon 24-120 F/4, which many people these days like over 24-70, because Nikon 24-70 is just too damn heavy.
Nikon is really a great system and about 25 yrs or so ago when it was the Nikon or Canon option I saw Nikon as a superior make vs Canon at that time.
The main players Canon and Nikon aren't much better I have no objection to micro subscriptions and would gladly pay for material I know I would enjoy.
It's a little worse on the wide end than either the Canon or Nikon offerings (very bad corners and edges), and the color performance is okay but flat.
In fact everyone who shoots Canon is switching to Nikon so you better get started selling your stuff if you don't want to get trampled in the stampede.
However, overall I have real difficulty in understanding why some people insist that my Canon is better than your Nikon, just for the sake of argument.
I rated it a 10 on all counts because the "competition" is other kit lenses I've used from Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, and Sony...so keep that in context.
Nikon has better button layout and ability to easily change all camera settings is better then canon...tho I do like the big scroll wheel on the canon.
And since Fuji cameras uses Nikon's F-mount, it rocks because Nikon users can buy both Fuji and Nikon bodies, which does have a slight edge over Canon.
The video on the canon is slightly better than the nikon; and it offers 1080p at 60fps which can be useful at delivering a more pleasant looking video.
But if you want to see how much Canon rips you off for being better then Nikon, compare all Canon models and see what they improve and then charge you.
I went through a similar situation and I narrowed it down to Nikon, Canon FD, and Olympus because they are quality and the lenses are readily available.
That said now that Canon has come out with their new system I'm sure Nikon will have a new AF system for the D5 that will be just as good if not better.
Yes, the D70 viewfinder is a disappointment to Nikon users that are used to Nikon's film cameras, but that doesn't make the Canon viewfinders any better.
All in all its a feature rich camera that is a bit on the expensive side with poor build quality, I think a Nikon or Canon is better quality and value ...
Given that the Nikon 50 and 85 are equal or better in many ways than the Canon equivalent at f/1.4, your comment only applies IF you're shooting at f/1.2.
Now the better and more civilized discussions are on the Nikon forum......they are the new innovators and do it for a better price like Canon of the past.
I've never really been a Canon fan mainly because my very first SLR way back in the olden times (late '70s/early '80s) was a Nikon and I've had lots since
There's also a point to be made on how well Fuji listens to customers while Nikon really takes the bottom rating on that front with Canon somewhat better.
And to top that, unlike Nikon or Canon, Fuji is loyal enough to their customer base that their cameras actually get better over time with firmware updates!
If 22MP makes the 5D MkIII a crap camera, then all the pros must be fools because both Canon and Nikon are trying to sell them cameras with "only" 16-18MP.
In our local camera shop, I've been able to get M42s rather cheap because it's the Nikon, Canon FD, and Pentax K-mount lenses that fetch the higher prices.
( another Canon's kingdom at stake) If a low price nikon FF camera comes to stage completing that 36 mp sensor..., canon must react, the sooner the better.
The Nikon does have a better fully articulated screen but compared to these other features on the Canon, in my opinion, you get a better camera in the SX40.
Also if you look for top performer from all today's cameras it's a Nikon D4 which is 1/3-1/2 Ev better than Canon 1D X which is the best Canon for high ISO.
Raw images (after conversion to TIFF) have a better signal-to-noise ratio than even the Nikon D800, and almost match the Nikon D4 and Canon EOS 5D Mark III.
I shall be highly obliged if you do not resort to saying that "I have read Nikon can do better" after showing us a photograph taken by your Canon gear alone.
One thing I don't think you mentioned in this series is that because Canon has a physically wider mount than Nikon, with an adapter you can use Nikon lenses.
While Canon/Nikon might have a tad better lens system at the high end, unless you can afford 1000+ for each lens, the Minolta will more then suit your needs.
It took Canon and Nikon decades to build up that many lenses and the likes of Olympus, Panasonic and Sony are not going to do that any faster, or any better.
If Sony had any real system lenses for the A7 series, a little better AF, and better EVF, we could be sitting here asking each other who Nikon and Canon are.
This was how the Austin Gypsy was found to be a better buy than a Land Rover, and how (as I recall) Pentax came out as the top SLR, trouncing Nikon and Canon.
Perfect specs, Canon will really have to go at great lengths with the new 5D to top the D800, and I know that at least in the AF section Nikon will be better.
My opinions I love Nikon and am not bragging to anyone who better or what so ever!!!! I'm just being a humble person if someone ask me how to work with Canon.
The Fujifilm FinePix S3 Pro might not be that much better than for example the Canon EOS 20D or the Nikon D100 but it features its own special characteristics.
However both Nikon and Canon have cheap 50mm prime lenses (£80) that will produce photos better than what your compact can even on an older cheap 2nd hand body.
I'm sure Chuck that with your errmm... field testing of the Nikon D3x that there's lots to like about the competition and that Canon had better lift their game.
Why the rumored D800 delay IS nikon and NR's fault is because they turn civilized people to think irrationally and make impulsive moves like switching to Canon.
Me: People who aren't buying Nikon because of the 5D Me: Canon 5D owners Me: So wedding photography will be the big one Me: I wonder what the frame rate will be?
Due to the RAW languages of each camera they process differently but I find Canon files pull back much better than the push up and Nikon is exactly the opposite.
Just as with bodies if you think there is some Canon lens that is better than the Nikon then why switch to Nikon to get a new body and use lenses you don't want?
DCI reviews the Canon EOS 450D/Digital Rebel XSi and writes; "it has more resolution than the A200 and produces overall better quality images than the Nikon D60.
Yes, Nikon has better dynamic range at ISO 100, but above ISO 1000, where it really starts to matter, Canon actually takes over (only slightly, but consistently.)
I personally recommend Canon over Nikon because of Nikon's weird autofocus motor thing, but I really suggest you go and handle several and see which you like best.
While you could probably do better with a similarly classed Canon or Nikon for low light or sports shooting situations, no current DSLR is better as an all rounder.
Zoom H4n: Better DSLR Audio Solution for HD Video One of the hottest trends in video production is to use DSLR cameras such as the Canon 5D and 7D or the Nikon D90.
If you want a sharp image Nikon D5200 and D7100 have raze sharp image and better high ISO then the GH3 but high ISO is best on Canon T4i or T5i for low end cameras.
You are not successful because you use Nikon or canon, but because you are a good photographer, are a good business person and use the right tools for your business.
As well as the OS difference for Canon/Nikon vs Sony/Pentax all of the older Nikon lenses have no AF switch because all old Nikon's have the AF switch on the camera.
Most people get caught up in the brand war and will tell you that either Canon is better than Nikon or vica-versa; or that sony offers the best option in the market.
With the Canon 6D and the Nikon D600 coming into the market, I waited to see if those were any better to get since they were supposed to be the "cheaper full frames".
For years I bought into the Canon system because they were one of the Big 2. The thought process was that with so many pros using Canon or Nikon, I could not go wrong.
I'm replacing my bags as well and I started as Canon but now wondering if there is a better photo system for me (maybe Nikon but maybe something different altogether).
Frank C. : I dunno, I think the new Nikon is gonna smack this camera... is Canon still using their own sensors with the inferior DR? Aren't Canon owners fed up by now?
Though buying used telephoto lenses like these may not be everyone's thing, all of the Minolta's are discontinued so if thats the case you're better off with Canon/Nikon.
Though there was nothing really new out, it was because they were busily trying to get the housings for the Nikon D4, Nikon D800, Canon 5D Mark III and RED all finalized.
I've been agonising over a better digital SLR for some time and generally been disappointed at the look and feel of a number of Canon, Nikon and Lumix cameras I've tried.
The 'foursixtyfive' has a movable flash head in both axes which is one of the features where it's better than the entry level modes from Canon (270EX) and Nikon (SB-400).
It sure makes a welcome change from all the other online photography sites where everyone seems more concerned about whether their Nikon is better than a Canon and so-on.
Firstly, it would be appropriate if Nikon showed something new, something of the Canon 10-22 mm class, with a similar range and similar or even better optical properties.
Many times you'll find crap like Nikon/Canon is better than Canon/Nikon... You'll need lot's of megapixels, 8mpix is HUGE advantage compared to 6 mpix.. forget about that.
And I have no doubt the new Panasonic will be the equal, if not superior, to the Canon or Nikon offerings in regards to IQ, and obviously far superior in regards to reach.
Once you decide what brand to go with, you're pretty locked in (unless you have boohoodles of money) because lenses are not exchangeable (at least not from Nikon to Canon).
This is why I switched to Nikon because canon kept changing their lens mounts and I kept having to buy new lenses every time I wanted to upgrade to a new generation camera!
Canon, Olympus, Nikon and the rest had better start adding mobile phone capabilities to their cameras or else Nokia and Sony-Ericsson will take over the digital photo world.
This is strange because over the years I have easily slipped into "Buy Mode" when the latest and greatest cameras were announced by Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, Leica, Fuji, Etc.
It's rather unfortunate that you can't use Canon lenses with a Nikon body because the lower end Canon bodies just don't feel very good in my hands, they feel like cheap junk.
I picked up the Canon.. put it down and tried the Nikon.. picked up the Canon one more time simply because I couldn't believe the very cheap feel and then purchased the Nikon.
Also, the consumer will ultimately benefit (unless you have invested thousands in Nikon and Canon, or Hasselblad or Phase one for that matter) with better tech for less money.
The A900 & A850 were mssing a proper LV function, otherwise I would be a Sony user by now (in addition to my Canon/Nikon cameras) because I have coveted the CZ 24-70 for years.
I am astonished that so many fellow Canon users rush to flog whoever mentions that Nikon have been doing one single parameter of sensor design better than Canon for some years.
They should have mounted a Nikon D-whatever or a Canon 1ds mark whatever with $10000 leica lenses and call it a day, takes far better pictures and video than this crappy camera.
Sony/Pentax/Olympus are known to have poorer high ISO than Canon and Nikon, but ISO 800 on my A300 was as good or better than ISO 800 film, unless you really pulled some tricks.
I forgot to mention in my review that the Nikon zoom ring feels pretty good, the focusing ring not so, too loose for my taste, better then the Canon but not as good as the Sigma.
If we see some background of high level professional Digital SLR camera than some times before canon had the better share than Nikon with its most appreciated model Canon EOS 5D.
And of course, Canon, Nikon and the other traditional camera companies are mostly ignoring the opportunity because their best customers are not asking for these types of devices.
The size and weight are not due to being built to a higher quality standard - there is no evidence to suggest that they are any better built than the Nikon/Canon etc. f/2.8 zooms.
Canon and Nikon are still the most popular brands but I usually recommend Sony to first time DSLR buyers now because I think the camera features are better - especially for video.
The Canon 5d3 has much lower specs than the Nikon 610, and Sony a99, yet you degrade the Sony against it, even though its performance figures - your DxOMark figures, are superior.
There is a body of opinion (mostly from Canon and Nikon...) which states that optically stabilized lenses are capable of better stabilization than moving sensor body based systems.
You give the exact reason why Nikon does not need a Budget series of lenses, you are JUST a student, most people I heard from Canon, on here too, say it's because of WEIGHT reasons.
The only reason to give piles of money to Leica is its lenses (which is arguably the best optically for 35mm photography), and IMO Canon or Nikon sensors are better than M9 sensors.
Also, I would look at the Nikon D2X because it is in a similar price range and is said to be an excellent camera - unless of course you are already heavily invested in Canon lenses.
In the past Nikon bashing was far more limited because all the couch critics with specs-based arguments were using Canon and were wrecking havoc among each others on 'the other side'
I want to practice with my Eos some more, but looking to the future, with your experience and knowledge, would you evolve into a better Canon or would you suggest I move into a Nikon?
in terms of the price, i don't believe it will be very high by the time the new FF fuji comes out - only because nikon/canon are already offering "consumer" FF which are around $2100.
I also have a frind that shoots for a pro sports team and he just sold a couple hundred grand worth canon gear to move to the Nikon D3X for the sole purpose of better iso capabilities.
I was torn between going Canon or Nikon, but in the end chose Nikon because that is what is use to shoot in 35mm film cameras, and I have a friend who is a true pro, and he shoot Nikon.
That is to say, certain 3rd party (Sigma, Tamron, Tokina etc.) lenses are superior in optical quality to their Nikon/Canon equivalents, and in other cases, the main manufacturers win out.
I know a number of shooters who have adapters for older Nikon lenses for new Canon cameras or the like because the quality:cost ratio is so high and they don't mind taking the extra time.
Of course it would be much better if Canon was bright enough to provide several of these (C1, C2, C3, etc.) for the other positions on the dial, but oh well, Nikon provides none of these.
right before the table starts falling out for Canon DR (of course with Nikon I'd had already traded away two stops, maybe Canon is better, I didn't lose two stops going ISO100 to ISO400 ).
Just because we get asked it a lot, I'll add that the Supertelephoto primes (300 f/2.8, 400 f/2.8, 500 f/4, 600 f/4 from both Canon and Nikon) continue to be our lowest repair rate lenses.
Just asking as non-native speaker and because I see the term "mount" in combinations like "Nikon mount", "Canon mount" - at least Zeiss calls their adaption to one of these brands "mount".
Naturally, most cameras don't have full-frame sensors because they're very expensive and therefore usually found in high-end cameras such as the Canon 5D Mark III, Nikon D800 and Leica M9.
The 6-7 years old nikon 14-24 remains a striking example but the new Canon 24-70 f2.8 also seems outstanding, - The new technologies used in these designs will result in even better primes.
First time cropped sensor dSLR users (Nikon D80, D90, D300, Canon 50D, 7d, etc) often ask the same question - which macro lens is better for underwater photography, the 60mm or 100mm/105mm?
Our analysis shows that the Olympus SZ-14 has better signal to noise ratio results than the Canon IXUS125 HS at all but ISO 80, and the Nikon Coolpix S8200 at all sensitivities but ISO 1600.
I'm starting to do 24x60 inch prints quite a bit more regularly solely because I like them, they sell, and I can do them with visibly better quality using Nikon 800's than with my Canon gear.
The third-party lens manufactures Tamron and Sigma have never been generally considered the better quality choice, but more like the lower cost alternative to the Nikon, Canon and yes to Sony.
From what I can tell it seems damn hard, because if you've ever used Nikon Capture or tried to tether with Canon software you realize even companies with huge resources miss the mark sometimes.
While I host a disdain for video becoming a prominent factor in still DSLR's, I don't think Nikon is ready to push aside still photography development for a better SLR like Canon obviously did.
The kit lenses of both Nikon and Canon will give you that range, at probably a bit better quality since cheap older film lenses tend to show their short comings on digital bodies in a major way.
The 6D doesn't shoot quite as fast as the Nikon D600-it's about one frame per second slower-but the addition of Wi-Fi and GPS and superior image quality at high ISO settings give Canon the edge.
So, my question to you is this: should I replace all my Nikon gear with Canon gear and go with a 7D, or wait to see if Nikon releases the D400 or another future camera with better video features?
I just think anyone saying "this is better..." or worse... "Canon / Nikon missed the boat" etc. based on a spec sheet when no one has shot the first frame with a production version needs to chill.
Anyway, my "educated guess" is that Canon and Nikon are happy for the time being to continue to implement IS in their lenses, because they are doubtless making more money off the feature that way.
It's been especially noticeable because we've gone through a several year period where Nikon and Canon have been playing product one-up-man-ship with their professional products at an amazing pace.
"Oh no! Along comes the DMD at last, and it's meant to be a CHICK-CAM?! Better keep looking at those manly-beast cameras that Canon and Nikon keep pumping out, for now, just to be on the safe side.
RL...after further consideration, I take back what I said about the nikon 1.8g being much better than the canon 85 1.8 and 100 f2...it's only minimally better IMO..and I'm mostly referring to the 85.
I've always thought that Nikon, Leica and Hasselblad lenses were technically sharper than Canon and Mamiya, but for whatever reason, I think Canon and Mamiya lenses make people look better, prettier.
On the contrary I heard from some enthusiasts that you need to do a lot of post-processing on Canon pics if you want to achieve Nikon like results because a Nikon sensor by default puts in more color.
I don´t like Canon but, Canon is one year ahead on video and FF segment (5D vs D700) The Pana GH1 is much better video device and will make history too with Leica, Pana, Sigma; Zuiko, Nikon lens, etc.
To all others : are you also impressed by the quality of the pictures or am I raving ??? Do you think that picture quality are much better than what can produce another camera (Nikon D200 or Canon 5D)
Well, it is now having an SLR mount for sale that can be used for iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS and allows you to put your Canon and Nikon lenses on the iPhone for getting a better control over photography.
I'm surprised it is not obvious to folks why Nikon F adapters get released way before Canon EF ones... is because Canon is a pain in the ass to work with if you're trying to design an adapter for them!
About Nikon vs. Canon, from my experience, Canon is better for action shots, so like sports and high speed stuff, whereas Nikon is great for color and clarity, so if youre shooting landscapes or models.
I thought the Nikon would be my bridge from a cheap Canon (SD1200) to a DSLR, but found myself always reverting to auto because the menus were so cumbersome and I couldn't get the right manual settings.
Sigma 30mm, 50mm, and 85mm 1.4 Primes: Sigma's prime lenses have been creating a lot of buzz lately as their performance has been viewed as equal and often superior to their Nikon and Canon counterparts.
I knew about the canon light leak and the nikon downsides (4FPS, the better AF of the mark 3), and simply cant figure Out - For What i need - off camera flashes, Low light and portraits, Which is better?
The manufacturer claims "the ease of use of the best 35mm DSLRs", which means "not as fast or easy to use as a Canon or Nikon, but the fundamentals of viewing and photographing will probably work better."
That is, just because someone runs around with a professional-grade Nikon D800 or Canon 5D Mark III, does that mean he or she should look down on the people who are content to use their smartphone's camera?
Multi mode exposure, spot and matrix metering, integrated motors, autofocus, DX coding, the F3 had none of that, but it outlived two or three generations of newer-better-faster pro bodies from Nikon or Canon.
It may thus make sense for Nikon to sit this one out, wait for market to clarify, let its competitors (notably Canon) commit to a standard, then execute what my well be a better strategy for this market niche.
johnparas11zenfoliodotcom : I am a nikon DSLR user, but I never liked the NIkon 18-55 kit lens it looks ugly.. this canon lens looks better, aesthetically of course.. we are not talking about the IQ output etc..
I don't welcome these impressions, because I much preferred my previous opinion that Nikon had delivered a breakthrough that opened up new possibilities for my own landscape work, and that would push Canon hard.
Anyone have any experience with the following cameras: Nikon P7000 Lumix DMC-LX5 Canon G12 I'm going this route because I'm looking for something a little more compact but will still take good pictures and video.
In the case of Canon and Nikon, they've worked decades to fine-tune their image processing algorithms, transfer functions and color matrices to get images that simply look better, to me, than I get from this Sony.
Honestly, I really think the whole Canon vs Nikon argument only works when you first buy a DSLR, because the minute you start buying lenses, there is no way you're going to sell it all to move to a different mount.
I think you'd be better off buying a Canon like the 8800F, 8600F, 9950F etc for a lot less, then the extra £200+ you would have otherwise spent on the V700/750 put that towards a Nikon Coolscan for your slides etc.
Featuring a magnesium-alloy body, 7-point autofocus system, and CMOS image sensor, the Canon 10D offers better performance and handling than its predecessor, the D60, and a more attractive price than the Nikon D100.
While it's not any worse than equivalent lenses such as the Canon or Nikon 18-200mm zooms away from the center it struggles to deliver the resolution that the GH1's Live-MOS sensor would theoretically be capable of.
All astrophotography does digital subtraction of black point exposure, the difference here is Nikon offeres it "in camera" and the Canon is superior to the Nikon D80, etc. because it is a CMOS sensor instead of a CCD.
"...the new generation of Nikon and Canon high-end cameras is without doubt a techno-freaks dream, but one may seriously question their ability to produce better pictures than their smaller and more agile competitors.
A Better Finder Attributes supports reading time stamps from a wide range of RAW camera formats (including Canon, Nikon, Olympus, DNG and many others) and can write EXIF timestamps in JPEG, CR2, CRW & CIFF image files.
In the end I went for the Canon EOS 400D with the EF-S 18-55mm lens kit, not because I think it is a better camera than the Nikon D80 but because the Canon lens system had a better fit to my current and projected needs.
Canon has marginally better professional grade lenses though, and given a few months, they will probably have a sensor as good as or better than Nikon's (the Nikon/Canon scales tend to swing back and forth quite a bit).
Is this because (i) DXOMark do not believe their results and are now re-testing everything (ii) they are blackmailing Canon to give them more monetary support (iii) they are blackmailing Nikon to grant them more support.
The situation is even worse today as the industry would need the likes of Canon, Nikon, Leica, Zeiss, Sigma etc to redesign their entire range of lenses to meet a standardized field curvature just to use a Sony sensor..?
The E-M5 can't touch a 1Dx or a D4 in autofocus in my testing unless you compare it to those cameras in Live View where the E-5 blows them away because neither Canon nor Nikon have a clue on how to do a fast CDAF system.
The advantage of Canon over Nikon is in the auto-focus, moreso with the big long lenses because in the EOS system, the focusing motor is built into the lens, not in the body, so you get the right size motor for the lens.
I am using it even more than Zeiss 21 f2.8 ZE, mainly because Nikon D800E is better landscape camera than my Canon 5D MII, but also because the output results in terms of sharpness across the frame, are fully comparable.
Dear admin, Could you test the canon super tele prime lenses on 1dx and 1ds mk2 bodies plz? the 1ds mk2 VS nikon D4 makes a better sharpness comparison, the 1dx vs D4 (D4s) gives a up to date comparison, both makes sense.
Leica calls the S2 "Pro Format" but it really is medium format, and all of that power comes packed in a package smaller than a Nikon D3s or Canon 1ds while having even better build quality than those top end mega cameras.
Paul Bohman - I'm glad that you pointed out that the Canon images don't support the kind of shadow detail that the Nikon images do, because I've begun to rely on the high dynamic range of my Nikons for a lot of my pictures.
I sold my Nikon 70-200mm f/2.8 VR lens and picked up the Canon 70-200mm f/4L non-IS (I never used VR/IS on that lens anyways), like the Canon f/4 a whole lot better, and the difference in price paid for half of the 5D2 body!
When you're in control of the light, if you need different lenses or have at least a few moments to get the camera dialed-in for each shot, the 5D Mark III (or other Nikon or Canon DSLR) ultimately will create better results.
So to summarize, Canon badly needs to introduce new superzoom models because the market has moved along, with superzooms ranging from 15X to 20X from Olympus (3), Fuji (3), Sony (3), Panasonic (2), Nikon (1) and Kodak (1) too.
But, in our testing protocols, Zeiss, ROR, Nikon, Canon and Kodak Lens Cleaners, or a dab of Dawn Liquid Dish Washing Liquid and water, work far better for emulsifying oils and more quickly to produce a clean, streak-free lens.
The really low Mpixel count and market leading noise inducing sensor (worse then Nikon,Canon, Olympus and even Sony) in stills; means there's no way it deserves a 5 in Picture quality more like 4.0 for a DSLR in its price range.
Then again, I switched from Nikon to Canon because I didn't like the D200's (and to a lesser extent, the D2H's) image quality and low-light performance...they both produced images that looked just a little cheap compared to the 5D.
Yes Nikon needs a 70-200 f4 (and in that case difficult to top Canon's offerings) but pretty much everything Nikon offers is better IQ. - pro lenses head-to-head with Canon with super-telephotos cheaper than Canon across the board.
The things always happend again, what will you goin to do if next year canon decide to maintain theirs current products and the new 2011 nikon line (looks that is not a rumor) are better than canaon products, you will cahange again?
If you're not sold on the D3300, you could look to other options like the Nikon D5300 for the next step up, the Pentax K-50 for weather sealing and better controls, or the Canon SL1 if you just don't want to buy into a Nikon system.
A Nikon F with a 50mm 1.4H lens for £40 from an outdoor market stall in a small town in North Yorkshire about twenty years ago that I later sold (because I'm a Canon FD user) for enough to buy another Canon F1N body that I still use.
Since the LEICA M9 makes such horrible JPGs and has such horrible auto WB and no blue/amber fine tuning, the JPGs out of the X100 are superior to the M9's JPGs, but the Canon S95 and Nikon D5100 also make far better JPGs than the M9.
Canon and Nikon 'seem' to release more regularly because they have more FF models in totality, but really the D700 and 5D MkII were released about the same time as the A900, the A99 a few months after the Canon 5D III and Nikon D800.
The lenses will probably make more of a difference - a better lens on a Canon will make better images than an inferior lens on a Nikon (and vice versa) - so you should also consider which company makes better lenses for your purposes.
Canon might regret introducing the EF-S concept only if/when they lose large numbers of 60D sales because consumers realize that can upgrade to a Nikon D600 for about the same cost as upgrading to a 60D and they buy the Nikon instead.
i've visited every camera store in boston (at least 6 of them) in the last couple months and EVERY one of them recommended nikon dslr's over canon dslr's saying they were "more reliable", "better picture quality", and "easier to use".
let the marketing games begin!  no question that 7D is still very succesful, so maybe Canon feels that a little kick in the pants and they can ride this train even longer to better position them to compete with the next Nikon offering.
To make sense it has to not just be better but significantly better - these MF cameras are far less user friendly (and indeed functional) than the state of the art from Canon/Nikon m(live view, high ISO, wide apertures, user interface).
In a way this holds true for even the dslrs because once Canon and Nikon opened the door to the same sensor in a body that costs 1/2 of the "professional" version many people will go to the lower priced option, if the sensor is the same.
You can read about it here So why would a flash trigger be Nikon or Canon specific you ask? That's because it reads and uses the camera's TTL codes and each manufacturer uses slightly different pins on the hotshoe to transmit those codes.
It's worth mentioning that the record result of 50 lpmm was something we were expecting up to a point because the Olympus E-510, having 10 Mpix on a small 4:3 sensor, is much more densely pixel-packed than e.g. a Nikon D200 or a Canon 20D.
But I wonder if the folks running Nikon and Olympus web strategy know what Canon is doing so much better than them, and is predicted to do much better (slope of the line in the yellow area of the graph) than them during the holiday season.
I was reading about Nikon and Canon glass, was I not I THOUGHT I was reading about Nikon and Canon glass, being used on an M, that was why I thought it was M240, because I did read that there's a adapter for these lenses for the M Type 240.
I cannot comment on your copy of the Sigma ... but I've owned the Sigma 50-500 (non-OS) and 2 Sigma 150-500 OS lenses (one for Canon and the other for Nikon) and all 3 of them had better build quality then the Tamron 150-600 VC I held today.
killer zoom (but now the canon 24-70II could be on par) 4) 24-120mm/4 VR much better in terms of corner to corner sharpness and distortion vs Canon24-105 5) Nikon 45mm PCE vs Canon 45mm TSE-- the former is really sharp and can serve as macro
For moderate priced lenses, Nikons are often a bit faster in the same length (because they're in fact shorter for the same FOV), so the available darkness factor levels out a bit, and you may be shooting a Nikon at 800 against a Canon at 1600.
I agree being able to rotate the shift axis independent of the tilt axis on the Canon lenses is a better design but saying "The Canon PC-E lenses may be better as you can tilt and shift at the same time, with Nikon you can only tilt or shift."
i get that canon looks at sale fogures thats why they keep selling lenses that are sub par to what nikon offers in the same price range so people in the end want something better and buy a L as far as im concerned thats all canon thinks about.
I will only buy Canon gear , no more trying out any other brand , Nikon , on paper , is truly amaizng but in real life use Canon is better , BTW, I think Nikon manu system sucks and the D40X is a real silly camera what a shocking surprise is it?
The sensors are up to Nikon quality, some Nikon use Sony sensors, but because of SLT technology the light hitting the senor is only 70% of the one gathered by the lens their high ISO is at par with Canon sensors that are lagging behind for years.
Ergonomics, esthetics... To some, the Nikon fits better in the hand, to others the Canon White L lenses are sexy looking... :p Some photographers still prefer film than digital so... we can't really fight against what artists prefer to work with.
Their roadmap (PDF file) doesn't promise any more "D FA" lenses but I'm not sure whether that's because there are already enough, together with the "FA" lenses or whether they have decided to abandon the full-frame market to Canon, Nikon and Sony.
I hope Nikon design all they're sensors in future cameras and decide against the 14 MP sony because sony sensors have a difficult time with 14 bits and future technology's such as video are not competitive with sony sensors when compared to Canon.
IF Nikon wants to strike back with a whatever replacement they want to name it they need to bring out a camera that has a better video compression from Canon with loads of other possibilities, one of them being full frame as well as DX crop factor.
Right now what's hindering Nikon is their legacy and prime lenses price, while some may argue they perform better than Canon lenses in reality they don't perform much better than the price difference you see which in turn makes things hard for Nikon.
I used a 100-400mm Canon zoom on a crop sensor -- I know you're a Nikon guy so translate that into 200-400mm -- and if I had it to do over, I'd take the same lens because even though the prime is faster and sharper, the zoom let me frame what I needed.
Thinking about the Canon SX160IS and Nikon L610 for the main options and on how much we can afford, want one with some decent video, I know that Canon seems to have a better optical picture quality on the point and shoots but Nikon seems to be OK also.
then a pocket olympus but when I wanted a real DSLR I looked at Pentax, Sony, Nikon and Canon - for the money the Canon 450D has better resolution, the Sony would have been my choice were it not for the small place they have in the market / aftermarket
Thats almost never the case, pro line doesn't mean better iq a pro camera have different feature, take a look at canon or Nikon you will see that the best performer (iq) cameras are the d800e and 5dm3, and those are NOT pro line for those manufacturer,
For example, in the case of the Canon, the sensor is what is limiting the numbers compared to the Nikon, however, when stopped down to F4 the number improves greatly for Canon, if the Lens' was better from the start, why wasn't it on more equal footing?
pretty silly reply from you, because when a nex or a55 is better in a review than canikon, and any canon or nikon is thrashed by any reviewer, you and many other sony-fanatics, are the first ones to put out the flag, and say, it was a good review..LMAO..
I guess that Nikon just try to push the FX sales because there are not so many competitors at the moment (Canon, Sony, Leica) whereas APS and smaller are flooded with interesting cameras and more competitors (Fuji, Olympus, Panasonic, Samsung, Pentax...).
Alternatively, just forget all that Nikon crap and get a Oly OMD: it's got all the retro that you need and none of that silly mirror-up slap both Canon and Nikon insist on living with in this day and age of all digital viewfinders - a MUCH better solution!
Note that I did not put that in the form of a rhetorical question-if I were to ask, I already know the answers I'd get: Canon users will say it's because DxOMark sucks and/or has a biased testing procedure; Nikon users will say it's because Nikon's better.
My view is that you can't stick a single opinion over the whole of the 3rd market brand - some are going to be lesser than canon/nikon/sony options some will be better and some will be unique lenses to the 3rd party company that the other brands don't make.
If Nikon has a supply issue and Canon has tipped their hand, this allows Nikon to possibly re-think some specs (like is 36 necessary, perhaps 21 or 18 or 25 would be fine) and enable a better price point, or better margins, more reliability, better ISO etc..
The advantages of the Nikon over the Canon are - slightly smaller and lighter, HDR, better resolution and slightly better sharpness, better zoom, and the advantages of the Canon over the Nikon are - better low light behaviour, slightly faster, better battery.
I used one a few days ago in Lijiang and it is a seriously nice camera... ergonomically it is outstanding -- far far far better than the latest Canon EOS-1D revision, which makes me glad to be a Nikon user... even if they do tend to lag a year behind Canon ;)
@ Timbukto, i am a nikon user now but have been using canon till last summer and i must say the OOC jpegs looks way better from canon because of the higher default sharpening and contrast levels , and you ar not gaining much in that respect if you shoot raw .
Im sure the big boys in the software world are going to always support Canon and Nikon raw file structure, and as for Nikon NEF, just because Nikon lost some editing options due to a bad business decision, I'm sure our NEF is going to be with us for a long time
If finally Canon releases such sensor, it must be latest beginning of next year or better even this year, otherwise the gap to the competition will be nearly impossible to match with since Nikon and Sony especially are not sitting still during this time either.
I don't care if its real or not....i just reallly really want a full frame 60fps with adjustable apeture in live mode as well as live mode metering...because if nikon can't give it to me with the d800, canon can with the 5dmk2...and nobody wants to go that road.
That is not nikon way in most of the cases The statement Canon is a Camera made for Enginners is true because sometime they have leading technoilogies but Nikon is a camera made for Photographer because nikon have a solution for the peoples who love take pictures.
For 30k you can take your photography a step further just with a parabolic umbrella, or HMI's or better post production and by the time the S2 is on the shelf does anyone really believe that Canon and Nikon won't have something out there in the 30mpx area as well.
I imagine there are people inside Nikon and Canon who are advocating that those companies develop in-the-body IS DSLRs, and there are probably other people in both companies telling them to stop rocking the boat because the in-lens versions are turning more profit.
New features include the addition of a tethered shooting mode for some Nikon and Canon cameras, enhancements for a better workflow and faster image loading, and a new luminance noise reduction function to complement the already existing color noise reduction feature.
The cropped lenses from Nikon and Canon work really well on the APS sensor cameras because the sensor is only seeing the "sweet spot" center of the lens, plus the fisheye distortion is minimized near the center too so we have a very wide, low light lens in this case.
With new Nikon bodies being kind of disappointing (let's be honest - 1Dx looks much better than D4 and D800 is a camera that not only a fraction of Nikon users are waiting for right now), I guess many of us will face the moment when we'll think of switching to Canon.
I wasn't in a position to buy a dSLR until mid-2009 anyway and now that Nikon have made their expensive cameras even more expensive (Forgive the credit crash) Canon are looking better (On price point and lens choice only) even after their price rise in December 2008.
you might want to consider lens offered from each manufacture... there are pro's and cons to each... depending on what you are looking for, they 'can' cost more than the camera and impact the body used... canon lenses are thought to be better than the nikon/nikor's...
In very general terms, Canon is probably superior to Nikon in marketing, and in offering a wide feature set for a low price; on the other hand, most consider that Nikon cameras have somewhat better lenses, and have better ergonomics: they just feel better in the hand.
The CX sensor is small but larger than bridge zooms ,Nikon could have make it to micro four third size for better IQ but that's just Nikon ... Will never buy as a standalone body and it's lens system, any high end level PnS Canon ,Fuji or Panasonic are much better IMO.
While I shoot more video than stills for my clients (about 55/45 video skew) I still need to be concerned with still image quality....and Nikon is simply better than Sony, Canon or Panasonic for stills....especially shooting in RAW and where dynamic range is important.
These past years, we've seen a lot of photographers switching from Canon to Nikon... but I met two French photographers who recently moved from the Nikon D800 to the Canon EOS 5D Mark III because of a more versatile body and finally a better camera for most of their use.
There is no harm in using FX lenses on DX bodies and if 18-200 DX and 70-300 VR can't satisfy you then good luck with the 100-400 :) ,grass always looks greener on the other side :) I've used both, in film ,it doesn't matter but Nikon in digital is far better than Canon.
Long time photographers with a collection of lenses and perhaps a fondness for manual focus will find the Sony A7 and A7R incredibly versatile cameras because you can use a variety of lenses including Leica M, Canon and Nikon full frame lenses with these two Sony cameras.
I hung in there with Nikon(because of the Nikkor glass that I already owned and my Nikon flash gear, which is light years ahead of Canon's), saying to myself: "don't jump to Canon, the day is coming when Nikon will make THE camera that you're waiting for.....and here it is!
To be honest I simply envy people who already have good Nikon lens and Nikon FF, they now have opportunity to expand a set with a perfect studio camera, while canon owners, like me, have an opportunity to have better or good AF while other parameters remain almost unchanged.
However what you have written concerning highlight recovery/shadow lifting in post pretty much reminds me of my experience with the Pentax 645D and it would require further testing to demonstrate that this - at least at base ISO - is superior over a Nikon D8X0 or Canon 5DS/R.
If, on the other hand, you really need to flow seamlessly from stills to video, then you should say goodbye to both Canon and Nikon and look at the Panasonic GH2, which matches the D5100 for shooting stills (except its flash is a bit tempermental), but is way better for video.
This camera replaces the Fuji S2 I've been using for the past 2 years and although the S2's are wonderful cameras (much better than the Nikon digitals that are out IMHO), I'd have to give this camera a oneup on the S2 for build quality and a few other Canon specific functions.
This seems to be unavoidable with 50mm lenses on FF Canon cameras (and I expect elsewhere too - it was pretty bad on the Pentax 50mm 1.4 I used to own (aps-c, where it should be much less of a problem), while the Nikon 1.8 I tried a few months ago on a FF Nikon was much worse).
And, ok, maybe saying Canon is "really bad" was a little too much, but still, I don't understand why so many people buy Canon when Nikon and Pentax are better, and Pentax camera's are much cheaper than Canon when we look at all the extra functions they contain compared to Canon.
This is BAD for everyone because I'm finding left and right that a great many people are doing this and once Canon has lost their base, which they will, Nikon can leave prices just where they are..... Sony is going to have a rough time, not many have the pocket for a Med Format.
Actually I hope Samyang itself won't be defeating one of the main purposes of a TS lens... so far they've been making very sharp lenses that are just as good as and sometimes better than Canon, Nikon, Zeiss, etc. lenses but one thing they've been bad at is controlling distortion.
Scenario 2 : I have a great camera, but even when shooting with ISO 100 (Canon etc.) or 200 (Nikon), the image noise is visible because I only want to use a very small part of the tonal range (e.g. in foggy situations) and therefore the small amount of noise is heavily amplified.
EF for Canon, FX for Nikon) on a crop camera results in less aberrations and vignetting in the corners, because what you're looking at is just the central part of the image projected by the lens, and it's been designed to be not too bad even in the corners of the full-frame image.
The default I posted is 'film standard' ... I've processed literally thousands of images with this converter and rarely found nature or wildlife shots that looked better with the flatter settings, so that's probably why Nikon and Canon (and Capture One) bias the settings that way.
The only stumbling block is that £549 would also buy such newcomers a decent entry level DSLR, such as a Nikon D5100 or Canon EOS 1100D , with standard 18-55mm zoom and arguably better image quality - that's if the GF3's much smaller form factor isn't the over-riding consideration.
Even though Nikon was first to the party with the D90 , Canon has effectively staked out DSLR video as its private fiefdom, delivering camera after camera with superior video prowess, carving out a new market-not unexpected, since Canon makes video cameras, and Nikon, well, hasn't.
The facts are that the D600 has been crippled as a serious video tool, and in that respect falls far behind the Canon lineup, which is a huge pity because I was looking forward to putting my Nikon glass on it and not having to buy a Canon camera (I don't like them as stills cameras).
What I tried to convey was that because even the video-king 5d3 hasn't got a swivel screen Canon didn't want to add it on the 60d-like 6d - because the 6d is obviously designed to have lower specs in any area save the center af light sensitivity as the "joker" against the Nikon 600d.
A lot? Well, realistically there's just the Nikon d600/d610 which is of course the better overall camera, but Canon knows from experience that 100-200€ won't make people jump ship - and those who want a ff and don't care about af will pay some $$$ more than the 70d w/o a second thought.
I'm just making a comment on how Nikon has an issue with the production of some D600 cameras and that they need to fix it because it does discourage some people in buying a D600, especially when some true Canon trolls make it such a huge issue, and that is something that will not cease.
And I have to agree with most of what you are saying - I don't have a 5d3 for AF speed comparison - but for skin tones the canon is a lot better for me than the Nikon (I owned the D700 most recently but also shot with the D300 for a couple of years and have worked with the D3x at times).
i saw join develop 4K sensor on image sensor world site by Pany and others factory, on video feature i don 't think Oly will get better because they ignore to hybrid cam, in the future PRO competitor is Hybrid Cam from Canon,Nikon and Sony,others still focus on still photo and image file
recently I test five 50mm in studio (canon 1.2/canon 1.4/sigma 1.4/nikon 1.4/zeiss 1.4) and by far, the zeiss prime have more dynamic range and cinematic "mood" giving the best latitude and neutral colors to grade in post, but in sharpness I found the 50mm 1.2 slighty superior below f/2.8
Given how many of these lenses actually sell, photographers breathlessly awaiting for a faster USM in the Canon lens, or for AF-S to show up in the Nikon version, should start breathing into a paper bag to control their hyperventilation, because it ain't likely to happen for years to come.
Accordingly, stating that an arguably better camera (as argued by DPREVIEW!) in the entry DSLR level falls short of a the Canon or Nikon counterparts because of poor lens selection is exactly like stating that a serious company like Pentax will never win because it is not a Nikon nor a Canon!
This choice has its pros (you see a stabilized image in the viewfinder and, if what Canon and Nikon say it's true, you get better results) and its cons (much more expensive lenses and less chances to have an up-to-date IS system, since you usually change bodies more often than you change lenses).
Assuming the noise is evenly distributed, or if you have a debanding NR tool, you might be able to gain another stop, and the gains might be a little better in terms of magnitude for a Canon...which starts out with more noise than a Nikon w/ Exmor, but the Nikon will still benefit from NR as well.
The biggest reason is that it's got a nice mix of video and photo features - its 51-point autofocus system works better for still photography than even the professional cameras (Nikon D2H, Canon 1D Mark IIN) that I used in the field only a few years ago, and its color and image quality is brilliant.
Anyway, the magic lantern ppl could make all this raw 2k stuff because the canon actually was having that data stream for LV, if you compare the Live View stream between a Canon mkIII and a Nikon d800 you will see that even if there were some talented team hacking nikons they couldn't achieve the same.
pls nikon bring out a new pro camera for sports - tested the d3 against the mark IV - more pixels plus the crop means for pics shoot on the other side of the pitch: a much better quality for canon .... a d3x as fast and as low noisy like the d3 would help all the sportsshooters ... its a world cup year!
Camera ..DSLR with video ...Canon 600D or 60D or Nikon 5100 ..all are HD capable ..Nikon focusing slightly is better if the subject is moving when you zoom ( but the lenses are more specific than the canons ) ..all take mics..you'll need "off camera" mics as the noise of the built in ones is intrusive...
If there is some measurement DxO is using that shows xxx lens on a D800 allows it to rate higher then they need to show that test/score - because of the scores they 'do' provide clearly show the Canon performing better... Just more Nikon stroking by DxO, nothing more than 'under the table compensation'...
TLJester said:   First - thanks for the great responses !!! ... and so far no Nikon/Canon fist-fights have broken out I am tempted by the Canon as its newer, and the shots i have seen seem a bit punchier (and this is a pretty good deal!) on the other hand, i hear that the Nikon is better with low (higher?)
The battery life is on the nikon is better; especially if you record more video than the canon - After 150 photos and a number of videos and time-lapse images in a day the battery is showing as having a third of its life left; I carry a spare for the Canon as taking video definitely dents the battery life.
I may actually be somewhat of an oddity because I am mostly a landscape and architecture photographer and it seems to me many people chose Nikon as their camera of choice if that is what they shoot, but I guess I started with Canon and will probably stay there unless someone gives me a stable of Nikon gear.
Just days after getting wind of D3 rumors galore , a "photo editor at a major newspaper" has tipped us on a phone call he received from Nikon in which his presence was requested at a meeting where a "new professional camera that is leaps and bounds better than anything Canon is offering" would be showcased.
There have been reports of banding issues with several Leica sensor designs as far back as the M7, and the M8 had particularly bad banding...but it was still considered a better camera than anything from Canon or Nikon...since banding only ever exhibited in shadows, and was relatively easily mitigated in post.
If I have one critique of your analysis it would be that the advertising in a magazine generally is not one that is suited to a specific "call to action" but rather appeals to the large companies like Canon, Nikon et al because it is a place to establish their brands and make emotional connections with the client.
This does NOT mean that brands like Pentax, Sony, and Olympus are inferior, they're not, and as I mentioned earlier, there are practically no inferior DSLRs in the market right now, but trying to find stores that carry competitive prices for add-on products for these brands are harder than those of Canon and Nikon.
In both 4K burst mode at 30fps and 60fps the V2 has very little problems with rolling shutter because of the fast readout and although the 1080p video mode isn't oversampling from a 4K sensor readout, it too does not suffer as much from rolling shutter as the Nikon D5200, Canon 5D Mark II or Blackmagic Cinema Camera.
The unwillingness to spend money on photography goes hand in hand with the belief by many in the meeja world that the advent of digital has made redundant the need for any knowledge of photography because all the worlds learning on the subject has been boiled down and encapsulated in the latest Canon/Nikon/Olympus etc.
Ironically, if Canon buys Olympus, chances could be higher they maintain the Olympus brand name for the mft products than they are with other buyers, because that would mean a much better solution to Canon's "we'll need to enter mirrorless market but we don't want to rival our dslr line" dilemma than the nikon solution.
Canon, Nikon and Pentax - as in SX30, P100, and X90, all "cripple" the functions of their Bridge Zooms to some extent - seemingly because of their price-similarity to their entry-level DSLRs, while Panasonic's FZ100 competes with their Micro Four-Thirds, not DSLRs, and Fuji's HS10-etc have no Fuji DSLRs to compete with.
Given the mess that Nikon is in after more than a year of being bashed in the forums, class action law suits and now the Chinese Government forcing them to replace faulty D600 DSLR's, I think it's a good time to start talking to Canon about G11 & G12 cameras that were ruined because of self scratching front lens elements.
So, to sum it up...go to the store, pick up a Canon, Nikon and Sony in the price range you like, and play with them a little, see which fits in your hands better, and which has more intuitive menu system for you, see how you like the optical vs electronic VF, and of course, see which one is easier to change basic settings.
she listened and DID capture some very nice images..i found out later that she did some interior work several nights ago and had the iso up to 3200..and forgot..dont get me started on the "average joes" we see all the times with their super duper nikon d4's and canon 1DX's blasting away at 10fps/12 fps..simply because they can
While Japan 50 years ago was noted as only making "junky" products, we can all attest to the high quality automobiles, the fine Nikon and Canon digital cameras, the excellent Sony and Nippondenso games, the superior machine tools, their extraordinary electronic products, and many other high quality items manufactured in Japan.
There actually is no way to compare these sensors "everything else being equal" because there isn't a common RAW converter (except for Iridient, for those inclined to use it), and because even equipping a Nikon or Canon crop camera with the same Sigma lens you'd use on the SD1, pixel count and pixel pitch would be different, etc.
No camera format is future-proof, and if you're planning a career as a professional photographer then you'll probably want to stick to Canon and Nikon because of their vast lens and accessory ranges and long track record, but beginners and enthusiasts needn't worry that they're painting themselves into a corner with Micro Four Thirds.
As far as the CC method, no I'm not crazy happy about it, seems there could be a better way to handle it and I think it's overpriced, though honestly I think most of the equipment we use today is overpriced, except for the Nikon D800 (sorry to mention that) the Canon 5d series and the new mirrorless cameras that have come to the market.
I'm a professional photographer and use canon gear - partly because I had 2 nikons (back in film days) and parts fell off those cameras so when it came time to 'go digital' I had the opportunity to try canon -and I've had only one issue and canon fixed it free even after the warranty expired, yet there are millions of happy nikon users out there.
If you deal with the quality of the image (on low speeds) we should have had one and the same 70-300 mm class lens, able to work on different systems reflex cameras; then, putting it on a Nikon D300, a Canon 450D or an Olympus E-3 would have given us the same results because those reflex cameras feature very similar resolution in the frame centre.
Even if I could get my desired color rendition with a little work, why should I bother when either of the Nikon D600 and 35mm F2 AF-D or Canon 6D and EF 35mm F2 combinations give far better image quality (color rendition) with the same low light performance for less money, and handle to full DSLR levels, not merely point-and-shoot levels like the RX1.
I've been looking at the Nikon D5100, Canon 600D and Sony Alpha A33 (all with an 18-55 kit lense) mainly as I like the idea of the adjustable LCD for awkward shots so I was hoping for advice on the best one for my needs - I'm currently leaning towards the Nikon as dad has a D40X so I can borrow lenses but only if one of the other two isn't a better choice.
As usual we have lots of idiots who think they know more than a team of engineers and think they could do better than Sony... and they are writing bad things... A77 is a very good camera... but it's only a "normal camera" for the actual times... Then Nikon will improve it... Canon will publish something better and lower the prices... etc... Everything's normal...
Sony, Fuji, Olympus, Panasonic, Samsung and Pentax are all out there, now with increasingly fine cameras in a variety of formats including FF - and my guess is that more and more folks are turning away from Canon and Nikon because, in effect, they have stopped listening to their customers or, in the case of Nikon, even caring about them (the D600 QA issues, e.g.).
... With regards to lens quality, i think the continuing investment by Canon, Nikon, Sigma and Tamron is leading to better quality lens at more affordable prices, when did olympus last make an SLR lens in the 4/3s mount?I get the impression that for olympus to survive in this market they are going to have to put their available resources into the micro 4/3s and pen market.
If this is the case then .... because of the longer equivalent focal lengths (moving from an 85 to a 120), heavier camera, smaller wide apertures (moving from 1.2 on your 85 to F 2.8 or 4 on your 120), and a bigger mirror slapping around, I would venture a guess that you will not achive the same level of sharpness on a MF system that you could achieve with a Nikon or Canon.
She gives me any personal details i ask ,her telephone, address, and after 4 months she makes me travel to Kiev to meet her, so, few days before my trip she ask me if its possible to bring her one photo camera ( Olympus, Nikon or Canon mirroring) and for her brother a watch (Tissot) and she promises that her brother will give me that money on my arrival because she knew that is costly.
The more expensive lens will employ more advanced lens elements...better materials, such as higher grade glass, alternatives such as Fluorite or diffractive grating or diffractive dispersion elements (Canon only), better adhesives and glues to bind elements together, better antireflective coatings (such as a nanocoating, used on newer professional-grade lenses from Canon and Nikon), etc.
If the Otus outperforms the top 50s from Nikon and Canon in sharpness, bokeh, reduced chromatic aberrations in the focus plane, reduced chromatic aberrations out of the focus plane, better close up performance, and only is as good as the Canikon lenses on vignetting then because it doesn't beat them in this last aspect, but only in effect ties them, it isn't doesn't really go far enough.
Siince your question seems to about the comparison between the new mirorless systems (Olympus/Panasonic Micro Four Thirds, Sony NEX, Nikon One, etc.) and your Canon EF-S gear, let me skip the usual "bigger sensors paired with bigger, heavier lenses are better in low light, and Canon L glass rules" stuff, and tell you what compromises I have to accept in exchange for a smaller, lighter system.
So, what hope does Oly really have in bringing out a new body that would suddenly convince thousands of pros to dump their Canon or Nikon gear and suddenly jump over to Oly? unless it's some robo-cam that shoots jobs for you while you relax on the beach, i don't see that happening no matter how good or innovative or fast or better high iso or bombproof or fill in the blank here the camera is.
Cons: Not too many but I will nit pick: GPS was removed (available on a77) battery life is much less than competition and worse than a77 (abt 400-450 shots if careful and use max power save), does not have intervolometer for time lapse, wi-fi app for cell phone is lacking in features, clunky and somewhat awkward menu system, not as many lens options as Nikon or Canon and fewer offerings from Tamron and Sigma also.
If you want to go with anything worse than Nikon LS 9000, your Canon will wipe the floor with it- I can totally agree with it, especially if you take into the equation factors like time spent (wasted?) on scanning, correcting the scanned stuff etc. Epson 700 / 750 - everyone who has used it will tell you a different story, some will tell you that the quality is near 9000, some will tell you that its pretty much useless.
But honestly if you think professional photography has that much to do with the camera, you need to get out more, because there are thousands, maybe millions of really astounding photographs, shot by amazing "professional" photographers in all formats and at this stage I would bet 80% of them are shot with  a Canon, or Nikon and the people that are shooting these photographs are far from lazy, dumbing it down or non caring.
It 's R for Leica R because I think people are buying M9 to look good I m waiting for a R10!!!!! but Leica is like Nikon they make people think they re all that but they re not? that's why I shoot Nikon Canon Panasonic and Leicas and I f...k yall with your b.....t fanboyism that is ridiculous.Most of you never go outside your country to take pictures and you all want tropicalized DSLR to feel like you the man ,but you're not.
Great zoom, very good photo quality (very decent for a travel zoom), good photos with low light (better than HX9V), amazing (stunning) macro, fantastic video recording (the same quality as HX9V), decent battery life, very good materials...     in comparison, its main 2012's competitors, Canon SX 240 - SX 260 and Nikon 9300, are not better in photo quality (about the same quality) and are far worst in video quality (much worst.)
On one hand hand, I too can see a niche for a body from Nikon (and likewise one from Canon) that combines a high resolution sensor like that of the D800 with a more robust, top-of-the-line body in the spirit of the F6 --- including omitting the integrated vertical grip as the F6 did, because that seems more relevant to the fast-paced work for which the D4s in intended, and an accessory vertical grip seems a more flexible approach.
Zeiss lenses do tend to have lousy out-of-focus blur (but there are exceptions); Nikon lenses do tend to be super-sharp-looking but at the cost of a certain harshness that can make Caucasian skin look pasty (but there are exceptions); Canon does favor a smooth, high-res but not quite so high-contrast look that works best with color film (because color can function as contrast: it can help distinguish adjacent areas and their edges.
I'm coming back to the M43 stuff having had a GH1 a few years back and sold it quickly because it wasn't quite up to the job I needed at the time, but having been via Nikon, Canon & Leica over the years I've come back to the M43 series for the 4K video capabilities of the GH4 but am also looking now at the Oly bodies for photography and selling my final Canon photo body (I still have some Canon cinema line bodies that use Canon lenses).
Today I happily told my friends that I bought Sony A37 with 18-135 lens, and then what I got in response is a "Seriously?dude" followed by some LOL...and they told me to better return it and rather get an entry level canon or Nikon..lol I tried to explain to them that it has a lot functions that most other brand's entry level camera don't have, but they said it's all bullshits and don't worth to give up the quality that other cameras brings.
If you take a good photographer who shot a photo with a Canon and Canon lens and then the same photographer used a Nikon with a Nikor lens and then edited and printed them (in the same with with the same printer and paper) to a size of 11x14 and showed the results to 100 different photo enthusiasts ( not the general public) and asked them to identify which is better I would say most (unless the cheat or guess or lie) could not tell the difference.&nbsp;
Thanks for your advice I use a standard lens 18 105 mm for the nikon D7000 can you also make sharp pictures with this lens.? or is there better lens for the nikon D7000 I am just a beginner I heard it,s bad if you choose use automatic option I choose for M function Another question if the light lamp is on at the home do i have to use the flash .? Which lenses are good for close up shoot And is there diffrence between this fantastique camera Canon eos 7d and the Nikon D7000
I am still disgusted and appalled at how comparatively little camera Canon gives for the cost of $3300 as compared to what Nikon gives for $2800...because the Nikon gives much better dynamic range up to ISO1600, more resolution and detail retention, a generally more complete useful feature set including active-point spot metering and exposure compensation with Auto ISO, and a nice eyepiece magnifier...while the 5d3's only real advantages are 2 fps faster max burst (full frame) and some cross-type outer focus points.
CameraLabs have recently reviewed and compared the Nikon D80 VS Canon EOS 400D/Digital Rebel XTi where they write; "The D80's biggest rival will arguably be the Canon EOS 400D / Rebel XTi, and despite them sharing essentially the same resolving power and 2.5in screens, it doesn't take long to realise they're quite different propositions.The D80 features a far superior viewfinder and feels more comfortable and built to a higher standard, but the 400D / XTi is smaller and lighter - and this could be crucial if you travel light.
