8) I'm already bored of this my Mp3 is better than yours arguement - who cares in 6 months time something else will blow everything away.
After downloading Doom Builder (which is better than ever, BTW), I found out that mapping is something you don't forget how to do, even if you're functionally retarded after a such a long time away.
acutally, if it was in the middle, it would be worse than a 10" because a notch sensativity, but at the ends, the the full height of the wood is just there because it easier to work with, and the way wood grains work.
A Brahman priest of a Krishna temple in the Vallabha sect might refuse food and water from the hands of non-Brahmans, not to show he is better than they are but because his work in the temple demands that he maintain such boundaries.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and veils or flogs or stones them for falling in love.
33 Grandma's Chicken House is the county's place to worship the gnarled splendor of broasted chicken, the criminally underappreciated cooking style that dominates the Red States and is better than any other fried meal you'll ever taste.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and veils or flogs and stones them for falling in love. . . .
About this time, I find out that the meaning of the "balloon payment" has to do with being a clown for signing up for that kinda stupid deal because the interest rate jumps up and bites me worse than a rabbit being let loose at a Rotweiller show.
A celebration of independent game development in a variety of media and genres, the 2nd annual Boston Festival of Indie Games promises to be bigger and better than the first, partly because a year has helped to grow and mature the independent games movement.
According to Rachels, someone who believes in cultural relativism cannot say that, because we now allow greater equality for women, our society is better today than it was in the past, because that would be evaluating the past culture by the standards of our present culture.
4. Edgar Martinez did way better than I would've expected, Fred McGriff did much worse than I expected, I mention them because besides Alomar (and Barry Larkin), I believe those are the only 2 first year candidates who should one day go in, of course, those 4 are the only first year-ers who will be on it again next year.
A foster placement like this, is rather similar to a real open adoption, with the power balance completely reversed, yes, the mother may need to convince the social workers or so that she is good enough, but she will not have to prove she is better than the foster family, to take the child away and welcome it home forever.
Actually you saw that's too thin, but studies show humans prefer to read in smaller columns than wider ones, so for many things a thinner portrait mode is better than a wider one, and of course the wider landscape is better for anything you do in landscape mode (games and movies in particular) as it fits your eyes more comfortably.
#1 u are "NORMAL ITS CALLED LIFE LESSON" ITS HARD WORK TO BE SOBER!!I ALWAYS SAY WHEN I GO TO THE DOC IM ASK TODAY FOR A PILL FOR MOOD BUT I DONT I AM NOT A DOCTOR BUT I KNOW MY STEP CHILDERN HAVE LOTS OF MENTAL PROBLEMS THEY KEEP TUCKED AWAY IN THE BACK OF THIER "HEART" I BELIEVE TXT OR E MAIL IS BETTER THAN FACE TO FACE SPEAKING .
A blue carnation hangin on your chest Clothes are all the best and you look so good A diamond studded ring on your little toe Made me wanna know could I talk to you Sometimes the dream is better than the truth An empty box all tied up in bows Ya came ya saw ya put on your show Ya told me that ya loved me now I know Come on and wiggle outta this
$3 was last week's rule of thumb, this week you want to get $2.50 if you can, next week we'll take $2 if we have to... Good point on entering at my stops or DD points, as I scale in, I'm often early on that first entry and it is better to be more patient than me, especially because sometimes I change my mind and give up on a trade at that point.
Acknowledge the zero-sum math above, and accept that by investing actively you are betting that Manager X is better than the bottom half of all other active investors-and that given the noise out there, it's very possible that you could be wrong and end up on the other side of the index results (regardless of where the average active manager ends up).
1 Kings 21:1-4 NKJV 1 And it came to pass after these things that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard which was in Jezreel, next to the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 2 So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
According to individual character, each member of this fortuitous society contemplates the skies, and departs, skipping to avoid the mud,-because he is in a hurry, or because he sees other citizens walking along in spite of wind and slush, or because, the archway being damp and mortally catarrhal, the bed's edge, as the proverb says, is better than the sheets.
[ 121 ] When he met Chamberlain for the first time, Wilhelm told him: "I thank you for what you have done for Germany!". [ 121 ] The next day, Eulenburg wrote to a friend that the Emperor "stood completely under the spell of this man [Chamberlain], whom he understood better than any of the other guests because of his thorough study of The Foundations ". [ 121 ]
"1) Had I known there were no WMD, which I would have if I was the President, I would have left him in power because a contained non-islamist butcher not wanting to destroy the US is better than out-of-control lunatics chopping everybody's heads off, accumulating, joining forces in an what is now to become an Islamist state like Iran with the Sharia as its law."
After all, we can get along for the time being with an inferior quality of success in other lines, political, or business, or of any kind; because if there are failings in such matters we can make them good in the next generation; but if the mother does not do her duty, there will either be no next generation, or a next generation that is worse than none at all.
6. Markieff Morris.....enthusiastic tougher PF, lacks length and athleticism but plays with a cockiness and swagger that I like....wouldn't be shocked if he ends up here with us actually, though I'd pass since I think Hansbrough is better than him.....love the attitude he brings to the table...physical defender and good screener......reminds me alot of Drew Gooden.
15 Nice...Meta-physical Philosophy of course, as Schrödinger's GM is inherently impossible because of the infinite potential of available better prospects, implying that no matter the situation or variables, the outcome is always already the death of Cashman--aka, it doesn't matter, the trade, by definition, will always be worse than the trade-should-have-been-made.
68 ' Thou 'st have that horse,' his master said, ' If that one thing thou wilt tell me ; Why that horse is better than any other, I pray thee, Tom Pots, shew thou to me.' 69 ' That horse is old, of stomach bold, And well can he skill of his train ; If I be out of my saddle cast, He '1 either stand still or turn again.' 70 ' Thou 'st have the horse with all my heart.
12) Knowing your books are just as good or better than the ones selling like hotcakes but no one has heard of your books so Joanne Smith will settle for what's on the cardboard display with the flashing lights and toilet flushing sound because she's in a rush and her kid's is getting whiny and your book is having a grand time collecting dust with the other "spine-outs."
