14. Maybe this is better than seeing him frogmarched away in chains.
2010 The beginning of the movie version of an old tv-show is better than the rest of the film.
A closer target is better than a far away target as it takes less time for the drones to hit it.
1-5 is better than 0-6, yes, but the next opponents for this team are Tampa Bay, NYY, and the Rangers.
1 deal is better - mostly because of Democratic gains in both the Senate and the House Nov. 6 - then a post-Jan.
16 She replied, "No, brother, because sending me away would be far worse than this evil thing you have done to me."
A brief lunch ride to get everyone out on their bikes is better than sitting home waiting for the next great adventure.
08/21/2012 FOR RELEASE: TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 2012 Thomas Fuller said that one good head is better than a hundred strong hands.
A former high level City department head gave Burke the nickname, Lex Luther of Superman fame, which is better than oily eddie.
2) If you are not a fan of Windows 8, which we hope, because Windows 7 is better (Personal note: this is an example, I love Windows 8).
3. I believe Britain's labor market is doing better than the RGDP numbers show, and worse than the employment to population numbers show.
(1) TRIM better than over-provisioning with Sandforce controllers, because it doesn't take away 7 to 28% of a drives native disc space (eg.
99% of teams out there, on ice or in ballroom/show dancing, that's not the case--it does matter, because even laypeople can see one is better.
A flash unit is better light than the built in flash because you want the light source as far away from the lens as possible to reduce shadow.
Actions - and whether actions follow the words of the Iranians next week will be a big determining factor, but no deal is better than a bad deal.
A doctor in a private setting is more has the added incentive of excellence because his income is dependent on being better than the next doctor.
7:1 "A good name is better than a good ointment" It is the word "good" (BDB 373 II), often translated "better," that links chapters 6 and 7 together (cf.
Adrian Kingsley-Hughes III Esq., a ZDNet blogger, tries to inform us why Apple is better than Windows and/or vice versa and just ends up confusing us all.
3 forwards are better than 2. Just because one of our guys hasn't found the net in a few games, doesn't mean he won't pop up and have a scorcher in the next.
3. LeBron is the Next Emmitt: I REALLY REALLY REALLY hope that LeBron goes into television once his career is over because he might be worse than Emmitt Smith.
A bandage is better than a spurting wound but in the case of a spending bill to fund the federal government through the next six months, it is just barely that.
A forum where dissenting opinions can compete on equal ground is better than one where the "run-away bride" and Michael Jackson take time away from Iraq and Darfur.
Additionally, we show that for all classifiers the performance of the prediction in the beginning and at the end of a speaker turn is worse than halfway through the speaker turn.
Adding portables isn't a great option, but is better than breaking up schools for short term, so long as we move on a real solution right away like opening a neighborhood school.
2.2- Riot Shield Primary fire-swing it Secondary fire-does nothing Ammo/clip size-none Description-This weapon is better than the control baton as it gives a degree of protection.
5. Any show about which cake is better than another cake Cake Wars , Cake Boss , Ace of Cake , Ultimate Cake , Amazing Cakes , Last Cake Standing , Food Network Challenge ...stop.
After a crushing breakup, Spencer (Roux) is forced through a "mantervention" by best friend Coke (Van Winkle) because, "There's nothing better than the next one to get over the ex-one."
Actually, I guess up/down is better because if the mouse pointer wanders into the image area, left or right will advance or return the display to another image, but up/down doesn't do that.
9arts, alng with Shiho and Sosul, are secondary in this part of the series which is why they're relegated to the background which is better in my opinion because 9arts has served his purpose.
AB, Ed, Amir & Gray are all currently better than Val and the only way he sees the court is if BC makes Casey play him because he won't beat out the aforementioned for playing time next season.
A core principle of our system of government is that more speech is better than less, and the Plaintiffs remain free to make their own voices louder and more persuasive in the marketplace of ideas.
Active Motif have also just released a new ChIP kit (that includes an antibody known to work to TFIIB) that they say is better than other kits, but I've not tried it - I use home-made solutions etc.
10. Two is better than one: User authentication, also known as two-tier or device authentication, should always be enabled if offered by sites that collect your secure or private data at registration.
Actually very little analysis is required to show that an ideal world is better than a state of laissez faire, unless the definitions of a state of laissez faire and an ideal world happen to be the same.
1) Kids who are over-dramatic about punishments (such as "no candy") and 2) Adults who thinks they they are automatically better than kids because of age, and turn away from things they see as "childish".
2. Refugees in Lebanon :  Refugees who live in Lebanon will be next on the list, because the social and physical conditions of their existence are in general worse than those of refugees in other countries.
Above all, this is sad -- because both traditions are necessary for a thriving polity, and because for much of its history the American system has succeeded better than any other in honoring both principles.
11 - Value of Prayers Imam As-Sadiq (peace be upon him) said: "One obligatory prayer is better than performing Hajj twenty times, and the performance of one Hajj is better than giving away a house full of gold."
A bad night at Minute Maid Park is better than a good night anywhere else except maybe the Armadillo World Headquarters , may she rest in peace and I swear that woman from San Marcos said she would call the next day.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and flogs or stones them for falling in love.
After all, their philosophy was that private enterprise could do anything better than government, and cheaper, too, they thought, because the standard thing in their myth of capitalism is that competition would drive down the price.
Accomodation - The Airways Apartments (next to the Airways Hotel near the airport) was recommended by our company's security advisor as security there is tight and being near the airport is better than being in town where the crowd is.
Absolutely - that last point about images getting mangled, may be intentional or unintentional: the problem is you have no idea what the other side is looking at, because you can be almost certain that their display is worse than yours.
"A citizen who shirks his duty to contribute to the security of his community is little better than the criminal who threatens it, and is better off living in a society that places lesser demands on his capacity to accept responsibility."
Additionally, home prices will projected to continue their rise for the next 12-24 months, and Marco Island, which recovered better than the rest of the country because of low inventory and increased buyer traffic, will continue to shine.
"# 1 rule - don't turn your back on the dog, and never run away from it #2 rule - if you can - try to attack the dog first with loud noises, waving hands, etc #3 rule - any action is better than no action, so try to defend any way you can.
A British royal cousin says abortion is worse than terrorism; a Republican backs away from an abortion billboard campaign; "reclaiming" the rainbow; conservative support for anti-gay hate groups; and oh yeah, Don't Ask Don't Tell is repealed!
3. The first episode of Freaks and Geeks (doomed TV show, 1999) This pilot's closing scene (set at the high school homecoming dance, featuring "Come Sail Away" by Styx) is better than 90 percent of what's been on network television since 1986.
5. (U) Jahaker inquired about the possibility of USAID-funded assistance in Wasit, stating that because of the province's proximity to Baghdad and geographic size, the humanitarian situation there was worse than in other South Central Provinces.
Additionally, microbes in the soil can break down a lot of the hydrocarbons from inevitable under-car drips, which is better than having them accumulate on paved surfaces then flush into receiving waters via storm drains with the next big rainfall.
1 you can level without it, but endgame is all about the heroics 2 community is fairly average, better than say wow, but worse than say daoc or coh. 3 while leveling is different, end game is pure wow clone, grinding dungeons to get the next item set.
2) Sungenis insinuates that Disney's movies have become increasingly less moral precisely because it has been taken over by Jews: "A telltale sign in the movie industry of the shift in mores was demonstrated no better than in the Walt Disney corporation.
5) Wright is better than SwaggyP and even though there is no such thing as a shooting streak in basketball, I believe Nick Young needs the confidence to know he can jack up 10-13 shots/game to be effective on O. Maybe DC is sitting him for reasons unknown.
Actually I did not think he sang bad...I wasn't sure why they picked on him so much....because he sang better than other people they put through....but when he came out of the room, his mom tried to hug him, and he said "don't touch me", and pushed her away.
According to the doctrine of St. Thomas, the fact that a person possesses authentic attributes and is recognized and honored for them by society is a good that is better than health or riches, inferior only to the grace of God, which transcends every other good.
12:30 p.m. TBS The Cleveland Show Cleveland pretends to be homeless when he discovers that the food served at a local shelter is better than it is at home; Roberta is hired to be a Christmas elf in a store owned by a man who makes Santa's helpers wear sexy outfits.
37. A man who is a miser with his knowledge is worse than a man who is a miser with his money, for the money-miser is afraid of using up what he possesses but the knowledge-miser is being mean with something which does not get used up and is not lost when it is given away.
1. Control what your audience sees 2. Attack the person, not the argument 3. Argue against straw men 4. Deflect attention away from the specific criticism 5. Racism, however ugly, is better than the alternative 6. Prove your opponent has mistaken some other quality for racism
Actually, the store itself is not hugely better than the other Souleiado stores around the region (it is a bit bigger), but this store is worth a detour because it's right next door the the Souleiado museum, which is a real treat for any fan of folk art, Provençal prints, and crafts.
After all, here is a guy who has been in the public eye for long, has performed when it mattered the most (Man of the match awards in 2007 T20 World Cup final & the Perth Test in the aftermath of 'Monkeygate') and has the figures to show that he is better than his nearest competitors.
10 Reasons Why Online Video Is Better Than TV For Marketers And Advertisers With some may options out there (YouTube, Hulu, Netflix, and now local options such as iZonOrlando) its just downright silly to throw your money away trying to reach an audience that is simply not there anymore.
About four months ago I finally decided to sit down and record the very first episode of The Beginning Farmer Show, but I didn't really want to put it out there because it wasn't very good ... in fact it was even worse than TBF Show Episode 001 which I wasn't totally pleased with either.
Actually, I also moved my exam because I can't afford it right now, and moving it to September was so much better than being completely and totally stressed about money for the next two-three months because every spare dime... and a few non -spare dimes would have been sent to the AMCB .
3D gaming specialist, Andrew Oliver, from Leamington Spa-based Blitz Games agrees that "consoles will probably display 3D games better than PCs for the average consumer" because "it's easy to plug your PS3 or Xbox 360 into a 3DTV and get the 3D experience exactly as the developer intended it.
21 years down the line my English/Geordie is better than my German ever was (much to my fathers dismay)and Mr. Buchanan has at least a small part to play in this...Next time my dad tells me off for my lack of correct spelling and punctuation of the German language, i will tell him to blame PB,!!!
4:06 p.m. Eastern - On the "Live from the Presidents Cup" pre-game show, Brandel Chamblee agrees with Jack Nicklaus' comments aired the previous day "that the Presidents Cup is better than the Ryder Cup." Why? "Two of the nine (matches) have gone to Royal Melbourne, and that venue allows for separation."
Administrators say their problems with misbehavior are no worse than those of other schools, but called for the prohibition on fraternity and sorority recruitment stunts in the eight-week pledge period known traditionally as "pledge rush" because of an "alarmingly high number of serious hazing complaints."
A feeling you're losing to Jones, John and/or Jane because their lives might look a little better than yours because you did what was expected of you (go to church, marry, play reproductive roulette because your local society demands it, and suffer the mounting debt of too many kids because that's what God wanted).
99%of the people agree that having a 5 inch display with virtual keyboard is better than having a 3 inch display with full qwerty (even blackberry) and you can download and customize different set of virtual key sets unlike hardware buttons so having a full qwerty might sound good idea even with good ergonomics its a thing of the past.
actually i have been here since August but my other account got banned because i simply said Kaep was as good or better than Wilson.. i didnt know people get ban around here for differing views.. and i swear i didnt troll matter of fact i gave props to wilson because he is from Richmond Va,,, my hometown been watching the kid since 2006 @ collegiate HS
