$3 was last week's rule of thumb, this week you want to get $2.50 if you can, next week we'll take $2 if we have to... Good point on entering at my stops or DD points, as I scale in, I'm often early on that first entry and it is better to be more patient than me, especially because sometimes I change my mind and give up on a trade at that point.
(4)in dissipation - for who can estimate the amount of valuable time that is worse than thrown away in the places of revelry and dissipation;
Additionally, we show that for all classifiers the performance of the prediction in the beginning and at the end of a speaker turn is worse than halfway through the speaker turn.
About this time, I find out that the meaning of the "balloon payment" has to do with being a clown for signing up for that kinda stupid deal because the interest rate jumps up and bites me worse than a rabbit being let loose at a Rotweiller show.
4:06 p.m. Eastern - On the "Live from the Presidents Cup" pre-game show, Brandel Chamblee agrees with Jack Nicklaus' comments aired the previous day "that the Presidents Cup is better than the Ryder Cup." Why? "Two of the nine (matches) have gone to Royal Melbourne, and that venue allows for separation."
Actions - and whether actions follow the words of the Iranians next week will be a big determining factor, but no deal is better than a bad deal.
A conflict arises when more than one kind of thought process is known to influence an individual at the same point of time, and they are unable to decide which one is better than the other.
68 Here I took in great store of pepper and cloves and cinnamon, in exchange for cocoa-nuts, and we passed thence to the Island of Al-Usirat, 69 whence cometh the Comorin aloes-wood and thence to another island, five days' journey in length, where grows the Chinese lign-aloes, which is better than the Comorin; but the people of this island 70 are fouler of condition and religion than those of the other, for that they love fornication and wine-bibbing, and know not prayer nor call to prayer.
1. 'A table and rails are essential: they make for much easier browsing and you can often charge more if you have a tidy display.' 2. 'Always have a float of change - there's nothing worse than losing a sale because you can't break a 20.' 3. 'Don't bombard people as soon as they approach your table.
Actually, the only serious mess arrives at the very end, when Frank just cannot resist the temptation to end the album with the longest and, let's admit it, most unnecessary track on record, a lengthy psychedelic noise called 'The Chrome Plated Megaphone Of Destiny' that's much worse than 'The Return Of The Son Of The Monster Magnet' simply because it has none of these cool voices that made the 'jams' on Freak Out! tolerable.
Actually Zephyrinus, Sylvester would like nothing better than for me to give up blogging, because then I could give him my undivided attention when he wants it... as it is, he often sits behind me while I type away, glaring at me until I stop and pay him some attention...
5. (U) Jahaker inquired about the possibility of USAID-funded assistance in Wasit, stating that because of the province's proximity to Baghdad and geographic size, the humanitarian situation there was worse than in other South Central Provinces.
2.2- Riot Shield Primary fire-swing it Secondary fire-does nothing Ammo/clip size-none Description-This weapon is better than the control baton as it gives a degree of protection.
1. NY Giants 11-2 2. CAROLINA 10-3 (and with a chance for homefield advantage if Panthers could beat the Giants Dec.21) 3. Minnesota 8-5 4. Arizona 8-5 (has clinched division and no worse than a No.4 spot; could move to No.3 with win over Vikings next Sunday) 5. TAMPA BAY 9-4 6. DALLAS (6-4 conference record slightly better than Atlanta's 5-4, so 8-5 Falcons would be out at the moment, along with all the 7-win teams)
Adding portables isn't a great option, but is better than breaking up schools for short term, so long as we move on a real solution right away like opening a neighborhood school.
14. Maybe this is better than seeing him frogmarched away in chains.
"1) Had I known there were no WMD, which I would have if I was the President, I would have left him in power because a contained non-islamist butcher not wanting to destroy the US is better than out-of-control lunatics chopping everybody's heads off, accumulating, joining forces in an what is now to become an Islamist state like Iran with the Sharia as its law."
11 reasons jack nicklaus Retro Jordans For Cheap is better than Cheap Kevin Durant Shoes tiger woods When your no.1 academic and athletics rival tears down its historic stadium and has a new one up in time for the next season opener at the cost of a measly $90 million, don spent $321 million to keep playing in an old Jordans For Girls Cheap Kids Jordans stadium that sits on a major fault line.It doesn make the school seem smart or the football program ambitious.
2  So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
1 Kings 21:1-4 NKJV 1 And it came to pass after these things that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard which was in Jezreel, next to the palace of Ahab king of Samaria. 2 So Ahab spoke to Naboth, saying, "Give me your vineyard, that I may have it for a vegetable garden, because it is near, next to my house; and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it.
"A citizen who shirks his duty to contribute to the security of his community is little better than the criminal who threatens it, and is better off living in a society that places lesser demands on his capacity to accept responsibility."
according to you, who thinks he knows the ropes better than anyone, if I disagree with your comment because I live within stones throw away from the rec, that equates to me campaigning, I wish I could write that kind of comedy.
After a bruising GOP primary wherein all the Republican Party power brokers and hacks dutifully backed the "next-in-line" RINO Mitt Romney, who eventually prevailed, it was difficult to accept that Tea Party conservatives would once again be forced to hold our noses a la 2008 (a gesture made much easier by the addition of Sarah Palin on the ticket) - because after all, "Anybody But Obama" is better, right?
A community of "poor" people is better able to show solidarity with the poor and to point to the very heart of evangelization because it concretely presents the transforming power of the Beatitudes.
3. I believe Britain's labor market is doing better than the RGDP numbers show, and worse than the employment to population numbers show.
3- In basketball many teams play home and away- if a team loses to a team on the road and that's taken into account it can make selections tricky- you can easily make the arguement a team is better than a team with a better record if you take location into play- it will get ugly potentially
Add your review what a great short break we had, every year is better than the prevese one, the new barrier gates are a good idea, the site was very clean and enviting, the chalet was as i would have hoped it to be, (very clean and comfortable) well done to all the staff, hope to see you all next year.
16 She replied, "No, brother, because sending me away would be far worse than this evil thing you have done to me."
1. just because a newborn ends up in the NICU doesn't mean it is worse for the patient.
According to the doctrine of St. Thomas, the fact that a person possesses authentic attributes and is recognized and honored for them by society is a good that is better than health or riches, inferior only to the grace of God, which transcends every other good.
12:30 p.m. TBS The Cleveland Show Cleveland pretends to be homeless when he discovers that the food served at a local shelter is better than it is at home; Roberta is hired to be a Christmas elf in a store owned by a man who makes Santa's helpers wear sexy outfits.
Actually I did not think he sang bad...I wasn't sure why they picked on him so much....because he sang better than other people they put through....but when he came out of the room, his mom tried to hug him, and he said "don't touch me", and pushed her away.
10. Two is better than one: User authentication, also known as two-tier or device authentication, should always be enabled if offered by sites that collect your secure or private data at registration.
2) Denard is OK at QB now because of the lack of depth...but in the long run, he is better off...much better off as a Slot Receiver or Slash/Percy Harvin type...thats just the way it is for next year...anyone can see that.
Accomodation - The Airways Apartments (next to the Airways Hotel near the airport) was recommended by our company's security advisor as security there is tight and being near the airport is better than being in town where the crowd is.
(1) TRIM better than over-provisioning with Sandforce controllers, because it doesn't take away 7 to 28% of a drives native disc space (eg.
4. Store the rest of the sourdough starter , because the sourdough starter will be fed for the next 14 days and you don't want to end up with a huge mass of dough. 5. Once the dough is ready take a glass container, narrow and tall is better, so avoid large shallow containers, put in the dough, press it down, cover with cling film, make a few holes and leave it to rest for 24 hours at a temperature no higher than 78°F (26°C).
About four months ago I finally decided to sit down and record the very first episode of The Beginning Farmer Show, but I didn't really want to put it out there because it wasn't very good ... in fact it was even worse than TBF Show Episode 001 which I wasn't totally pleased with either.
2010 The beginning of the movie version of an old tv-show is better than the rest of the film.
99% of teams out there, on ice or in ballroom/show dancing, that's not the case--it does matter, because even laypeople can see one is better.
Additionally, because everyone is busy not paying attention to you, you are free to spam shadow bolts with your 5% multiplier on soul link, and your 5% multiplier on Felguard, which ends up being better than shadow mastery.
6. Markieff Morris.....enthusiastic tougher PF, lacks length and athleticism but plays with a cockiness and swagger that I like....wouldn't be shocked if he ends up here with us actually, though I'd pass since I think Hansbrough is better than him.....love the attitude he brings to the table...physical defender and good screener......reminds me alot of Drew Gooden.
A closer target is better than a far away target as it takes less time for the drones to hit it.
3D gaming specialist, Andrew Oliver, from Leamington Spa-based Blitz Games agrees that "consoles will probably display 3D games better than PCs for the average consumer" because "it's easy to plug your PS3 or Xbox 360 into a 3DTV and get the 3D experience exactly as the developer intended it.
A British royal cousin says abortion is worse than terrorism; a Republican backs away from an abortion billboard campaign; "reclaiming" the rainbow; conservative support for anti-gay hate groups; and oh yeah, Don't Ask Don't Tell is repealed!
1) bush went after saddam because he wanted to get the man who tried to shoot his paw, to show he was better than his paw (he's never passed beyond cowboy movies in his personal development.)
12.            Nathan and Bathsheba - I Kings 1: 1-27 - This story is better than an episode of "House of Cards" - and in some ways it's reminiscent of the way Naomi and Ruth plotted together - while we've already talked about David, it's important to note how he resolves the situation with what amounts to a giant political rally - all of this comes together to make Solomon the next King of Israel.
8 MP is better than 5, I don't care what anyone says about phones handling it or not...and the front facing cam is definitely a plus but not a deal breaker I like being able to unlock MY PHONE THAT I PAID FOR...it's essential to continue to upgrade to the next Great Phone to be able to sell the current one unlocked on eBay or wherever... Android 2.2 is now avaliable for HD2 as a dual-boot setup with WinMo...
2 things the show needs to improve on are roster updates and player progression in franchise mode, these are both vary poor which is a big downside for me because my favorite part of all sports games is franchise mode, the shows gameplay is vary solid tho and much better than 2k
After all, we can get along for the time being with an inferior quality of success in other lines, political, or business, or of any kind; because if there are failings in such matters we can make them good in the next generation; but if the mother does not do her duty, there will either be no next generation, or a next generation that is worse than none at all.
"# 1 rule - don't turn your back on the dog, and never run away from it #2 rule - if you can - try to attack the dog first with loud noises, waving hands, etc #3 rule - any action is better than no action, so try to defend any way you can.
10 Reasons Why Online Video Is Better Than TV For Marketers And Advertisers With some may options out there (YouTube, Hulu, Netflix, and now local options such as iZonOrlando) its just downright silly to throw your money away trying to reach an audience that is simply not there anymore.
2011 Seth MacFarlane: Swingin' in Concert (TV Movie) (performer: "The Night They Invented Champaign", "It's Anybody's Spring", "Two Sleepy People", "Anytime, Anywhere", "Music Is Better Than Words", "You're the Cream in My Coffee", "Something Good", "Love Won't Let You Get Away", "It's Easy to Remember", "You and I", "The Sadder But Wiser Girl")
11 - Value of Prayers Imam As-Sadiq (peace be upon him) said: "One obligatory prayer is better than performing Hajj twenty times, and the performance of one Hajj is better than giving away a house full of gold."
about oils: tung oil is better than linseed, because it doesn't darken with age but be carefull to buy PURE tung oil when you do, as we very often find mixtures with tung oil that are not as good reason for that is tung oil is very expensive comparatively with linseed oil or other similar products if the color of your weapon is dark already I guess it's not an issue, but it's something to keep in mind for fair woods
A blue carnation hangin on your chest Clothes are all the best and you look so good A diamond studded ring on your little toe Made me wanna know could I talk to you Sometimes the dream is better than the truth An empty box all tied up in bows Ya came ya saw ya put on your show Ya told me that ya loved me now I know Come on and wiggle outta this
A doctor in a private setting is more has the added incentive of excellence because his income is dependent on being better than the next doctor.
[0103] The database table 18 can include, for each of a plurality of products, and for each of a plurality of features, an attribute, such as a numerical value or other value which can be compared to other attributes for that feature on a scale of improvement (e.g., for a given feature A, attribute a1 is better than attribute a2, which in turn is better than attribute a3, and so forth).
Administrators say their problems with misbehavior are no worse than those of other schools, but called for the prohibition on fraternity and sorority recruitment stunts in the eight-week pledge period known traditionally as "pledge rush" because of an "alarmingly high number of serious hazing complaints."
1. Control what your audience sees 2. Attack the person, not the argument 3. Argue against straw men 4. Deflect attention away from the specific criticism 5. Racism, however ugly, is better than the alternative 6. Prove your opponent has mistaken some other quality for racism
ACS took all our troubles and worries away, from speaking to Daniel for the first time he was very understanding and put our minds to rest, the service is absolutely everything they promise, in fact it is better than promised it delivered and swiftly brought to a conclusion very swiftly.
36 points with 10 games to go is better than we could have ever hoped for, wigan are a good side,we cant expect to get an easy win against them,they have been in premiership longer than us,even if we lose next 10 games and finish 17th then the season was a success, look at qpr they came up as champions and have spent 20 million, our team is made up of league 1 and championship players,we have no right to be demanding a top half finish
18. Distribution Index (nc) Update When c is better than p1 and p2 then the distribution index for the next generation is calculated as (6).
[ 121 ] When he met Chamberlain for the first time, Wilhelm told him: "I thank you for what you have done for Germany!". [ 121 ] The next day, Eulenburg wrote to a friend that the Emperor "stood completely under the spell of this man [Chamberlain], whom he understood better than any of the other guests because of his thorough study of The Foundations ". [ 121 ]
4) Bishop is likely willing to play for the Giants for LESS than he was willing to play for the Packers because players tend to dislike management of their current team when asked to take big pay cuts ("they disrespected me") and because he thinks he can win the hearts and minds of the Giants' staff (because he's better than their other options) and get a solid multi-year contract from them after this season going as their best option at MIKE for the next 3-4 years.
A celebration of independent game development in a variety of media and genres, the 2nd annual Boston Festival of Indie Games promises to be bigger and better than the first, partly because a year has helped to grow and mature the independent games movement.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and flogs or stones them for falling in love.
33 Grandma's Chicken House is the county's place to worship the gnarled splendor of broasted chicken, the criminally underappreciated cooking style that dominates the Red States and is better than any other fried meal you'll ever taste.
3. LeBron is the Next Emmitt: I REALLY REALLY REALLY hope that LeBron goes into television once his career is over because he might be worse than Emmitt Smith.
1.Because it's on a Friday 2.Because it's not on a Monday 3.To have a 3 day weekend 4.There's not enough national holidays 5.Look at all the great people that were born on Friday the thirteenth (Not that I can think of anybody,can you think of anybody ?) 6.So people can go to Ho Chunk and bet all their money away 7.It's better than a poke in the eye 8.To commemorate our thirteenth president Mildred Filmore, don't you remember what he did for our country ?
8. Power of 3 - - if the horse can stop the cow 3 times, the cow turns and leaves - work on teaching in sets of 3: try the request 3 times, if the 3rd is better than the first, put it away.
After having taken about a decade off from writing to pursue a career in film and then policing, Shepherd is back in the writing ring and intends to come out swinging with a high fantasy horror serial killer mystery novel, because if one genre is good, more is better.
A Brahman priest of a Krishna temple in the Vallabha sect might refuse food and water from the hands of non-Brahmans, not to show he is better than they are but because his work in the temple demands that he maintain such boundaries.
Actually you saw that's too thin, but studies show humans prefer to read in smaller columns than wider ones, so for many things a thinner portrait mode is better than a wider one, and of course the wider landscape is better for anything you do in landscape mode (games and movies in particular) as it fits your eyes more comfortably.
37. A man who is a miser with his knowledge is worse than a man who is a miser with his money, for the money-miser is afraid of using up what he possesses but the knowledge-miser is being mean with something which does not get used up and is not lost when it is given away.
A few months ago I was talking with someone who represents people with disabilities from a non-English speaking background who said that, because of Australia's important and genuine efforts over the past few years as legislators and as communities to ensure that we do everything we can to make our society fully accessible to everybody, we are leading the way and we are doing a lot better than many other societies.
08/21/2012 FOR RELEASE: TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 2012 Thomas Fuller said that one good head is better than a hundred strong hands.
1. Sampras - honestly, to see him play live, he didn't blow me away the way i had expected (possibly due to expectations being too high, or his efficiency being too high), but his record is better than anybody else's (n.b.
[ 5 ] Comparisons of life outcomes or well-being along the simple divorced/not divorced axis naturally always show poorer outcomes for the group that is composed entirely of children of unhappy families, demonstrating simply that being the child of happy parents is better than being the child of unhappy ones.
After all, he's been releasing comedy music since before most music journalists have been alive, and part of the reason that he has been able to maintain his popularity decade over decade is because, quite frankly, no one does it better than him.
#1 u are "NORMAL ITS CALLED LIFE LESSON" ITS HARD WORK TO BE SOBER!!I ALWAYS SAY WHEN I GO TO THE DOC IM ASK TODAY FOR A PILL FOR MOOD BUT I DONT I AM NOT A DOCTOR BUT I KNOW MY STEP CHILDERN HAVE LOTS OF MENTAL PROBLEMS THEY KEEP TUCKED AWAY IN THE BACK OF THIER "HEART" I BELIEVE TXT OR E MAIL IS BETTER THAN FACE TO FACE SPEAKING .
15 Nice...Meta-physical Philosophy of course, as Schrödinger's GM is inherently impossible because of the infinite potential of available better prospects, implying that no matter the situation or variables, the outcome is always already the death of Cashman--aka, it doesn't matter, the trade, by definition, will always be worse than the trade-should-have-been-made.
Actually, the store itself is not hugely better than the other Souleiado stores around the region (it is a bit bigger), but this store is worth a detour because it's right next door the the Souleiado museum, which is a real treat for any fan of folk art, Provençal prints, and crafts.
4. Edgar Martinez did way better than I would've expected, Fred McGriff did much worse than I expected, I mention them because besides Alomar (and Barry Larkin), I believe those are the only 2 first year candidates who should one day go in, of course, those 4 are the only first year-ers who will be on it again next year.
According to Chris McGinley, the prototype driver was made for Titleist Staff Member Jason Dufner, who has continued to use the company's three-year-old 910 D2 driver because of its higher launch and spin characteristics, which suit him better than Titleist's lower spinning 913 drivers.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and veils or flogs or stones them for falling in love.
4) Launch criminal investigations into every single report of sex between adults and minors (YES - this would be a cripplingly difficult task initially, because there is just SO MUCH of this occurring everywhere and every minute in the UK - but ANYTHING is better than just accepting the normalisation of child molesting, whilst hypocritically blaming the Church for the grossly destructive failures of the sexual revolution )
1 deal is better - mostly because of Democratic gains in both the Senate and the House Nov. 6 - then a post-Jan.
Actually i said they chose not to fight them because back then u had a choice and i said all atg are known to have fought black fighters so obviously ur arguements proving me right..i didnt say pep was a bad fighter at all ir that he never fiught any black fighters so quit with ur assumptions hes an atg and better than saddler but if not for saddler people barey talk about pep..and my spellings junk cause im on my ipad cause im a pimp so get off my dck n stop hatin
abt singing talent ..if this show goes like this next time nobody is going to watch this ..voting system should b taken off..else just select some popular persons and start voting .....Sony mind it u got more than wat u want ..but next time its going to b flopppp..Amit u r the real Idol..u r my idol..Prasanth sorry ..there is nothing personal..talent vise amit is better than u..
A core principle of our system of government is that more speech is better than less, and the Plaintiffs remain free to make their own voices louder and more persuasive in the marketplace of ideas.
30mm tubes most likely caught on because they were "European" and associated with high quality scopes, or maybe the "more is better" mindset... American scope companies had to ofer 30mm tubes to compete -- but the smart buyer will check to make sure that the only feature of that 30mm tube scope, is not the 30mm tube.
2) If you are not a fan of Windows 8, which we hope, because Windows 7 is better (Personal note: this is an example, I love Windows 8).
AB, Ed, Amir & Gray are all currently better than Val and the only way he sees the court is if BC makes Casey play him because he won't beat out the aforementioned for playing time next season.
A foster placement like this, is rather similar to a real open adoption, with the power balance completely reversed, yes, the mother may need to convince the social workers or so that she is good enough, but she will not have to prove she is better than the foster family, to take the child away and welcome it home forever.
1) Had I known there were no WMD, which I would have if I was the President, I would have left him in power because a contained non-islamist butcher not wanting to destroy the US is better than out-of-control lunatics chopping everybody's heads off, accumulating, joining forces in an what is now to become an Islamist state like Iran with the Sharia as its law.
1.Rajin (Not best choice, but lot better than JO and Nafees Iqbal) 2.Nafees 3.Mehrab Jr 4.Bashar 5.Aftab(because of his over confidence these days, be better be delayed in the order) 6.Farhad 7. Mushfique Rahim (Pilot is getting worse with gloves too) 8.Rafique (Until next world cup) 9.Razzaque / Saqib 10.Sahadat 11.Rasel...or umm..Mash (Mash is a good bowler, but a less injury-prone bowler can serve better in the long run)
1) Alway continue treatments as directed on the container, just because the visible stuff went away it doesn't mean the fish is better and if you stop as soon as the white fuzz goes away he will get sick again.
3. The first episode of Freaks and Geeks (doomed TV show, 1999) This pilot's closing scene (set at the high school homecoming dance, featuring "Come Sail Away" by Styx) is better than 90 percent of what's been on network television since 1986.
5.good service 6.for now the max internet speed i got is 10mbps 1.the back camera is worse than iphone 3gs 2.my pc for some reason cant recognize the phone when its connected via usb cable 3.its taking a bit long time to recharge 4.when your brigtness is to for max the batterie is running low a bit too fast next time im goint to buy a new smaryphone i will buy here :] its a great buy for the money i paied and the device is really feeling top of the line!! very good buy!
According to individual character, each member of this fortuitous society contemplates the skies, and departs, skipping to avoid the mud,-because he is in a hurry, or because he sees other citizens walking along in spite of wind and slush, or because, the archway being damp and mortally catarrhal, the bed's edge, as the proverb says, is better than the sheets.
2. Refugees in Lebanon :  Refugees who live in Lebanon will be next on the list, because the social and physical conditions of their existence are in general worse than those of refugees in other countries.
1 Not only in monotheistic western traditions, but also in eastern traditions, people want to ascend to a higher or better level in the hope that what is next or "up there" is better than what is now or "down here."
21 years down the line my English/Geordie is better than my German ever was (much to my fathers dismay)and Mr. Buchanan has at least a small part to play in this...Next time my dad tells me off for my lack of correct spelling and punctuation of the German language, i will tell him to blame PB,!!!
9arts, alng with Shiho and Sosul, are secondary in this part of the series which is why they're relegated to the background which is better in my opinion because 9arts has served his purpose.
After all, here is a guy who has been in the public eye for long, has performed when it mattered the most (Man of the match awards in 2007 T20 World Cup final & the Perth Test in the aftermath of 'Monkeygate') and has the figures to show that he is better than his nearest competitors.
12) Knowing your books are just as good or better than the ones selling like hotcakes but no one has heard of your books so Joanne Smith will settle for what's on the cardboard display with the flashing lights and toilet flushing sound because she's in a rush and her kid's is getting whiny and your book is having a grand time collecting dust with the other "spine-outs."
A cultist must constantly measure his/her superiority against the "others'" inferiority by repeating, over and over, "you" think this way because you are swept away by mass thinking, whereas I, the intellectual elite, know that exactly the opposite is better.
A. A CPI less than one indicates that cost performance is better than expected B. A CPI greater than one indicates that cost performance is better than expected C. A negative CPI indicates that cost performance is better than expected D. A positive CPI indicates that cost performance is better than expected Answer: B Question 185 You are currently the project manager for a software development project, developing a next generation data-mining tool.
3 forwards are better than 2. Just because one of our guys hasn't found the net in a few games, doesn't mean he won't pop up and have a scorcher in the next.
A feeling you're losing to Jones, John and/or Jane because their lives might look a little better than yours because you did what was expected of you (go to church, marry, play reproductive roulette because your local society demands it, and suffer the mounting debt of too many kids because that's what God wanted).
After a crushing breakup, Spencer (Roux) is forced through a "mantervention" by best friend Coke (Van Winkle) because, "There's nothing better than the next one to get over the ex-one."
after being put on hold for 15 minutes i was told that the dr did not 'do this' (evaluate my daughter feet) i was blown away, i cant believe he doesnt evaluate childrens' feet so i figured his staff is worse than useless so i decided to go somplace where i didnt have to overcome staff incompitence.
A former high level City department head gave Burke the nickname, Lex Luther of Superman fame, which is better than oily eddie.
31.Leroy Braun - He is definitely better than his stats this season show, his first game was a 4:0 loss to Belenenses and his second was a 2:1 loss, but he is better than that and will get some more game time next season.
A few other you tube clips only made my intrigue for this show grow; and I wouldn't say I created an exaggerated expectation for the quality of this movie, because in a way it was even better than I thought it would be, and by the end of both movies, I was blown away.
2.Get there very early and pick you position at the air show carefully, the best spots are usually already set aside for the press only gang but either end of the display area is better than the middle and at the end of the flight line is the best as the reduction in apparent speed with an aircraft flying slightly towards rather than straight across the camera makes keeping on target much easier.
Active Motif have also just released a new ChIP kit (that includes an antibody known to work to TFIIB) that they say is better than other kits, but I've not tried it - I use home-made solutions etc.
2) Sungenis insinuates that Disney's movies have become increasingly less moral precisely because it has been taken over by Jews: "A telltale sign in the movie industry of the shift in mores was demonstrated no better than in the Walt Disney corporation.
A DP and operator that moved in next to me said he'd "like to get into still photography because it's just one person's art and the money is better".
After having a son, I still continued to rebel, but God continue to woo me with His love and kindness to show me that His love is better than a man's love.
Actually, though, the Heinlein story probably is better known today because it inspired, consciously or otherwise, one of the most popular Star Trek episodes.
After initial reactions, I'm not surprised, Ingham is more like Bruno and Chane-In some ways the open warfare approach is better because everyone can see, especially the fence sitters in CoE and forces the issue with those who still seem to be in a imaginary land where everything will just one day go away.
1. Avoid Cartesian products 2.  Avoid full table scans on large tables 3.  Use SQL standards and conventions to reduce parsing 4.  Lack of indexes on columns contained in the WHERE clause 5.  Avoid joining too many tables 6.  Monitor V$SESSION_LONGOPS to detect long running operations 7.  Use hints as appropriate 8.  Use the SHARED_CURSOR parameter 9.  Use the Rule-based optimizer if I is better than the Cost-based optimizer 10.
3. Milton Bradley (isn't this spot in the order the reason you paid all that money for a switch-hitter who gets on base and produces runs?). 4. Aramis Ramirez (27 homers, a team-leading 111 RBIs, and fewer than 100 strikeouts, which is better than anybody else you'd think about putting here). 5. Soriano (he likes leadoff because he doesn't have to think about actual situational hitting, so this might be the next-best spot to be selfish).
Actually, I guess up/down is better because if the mouse pointer wanders into the image area, left or right will advance or return the display to another image, but up/down doesn't do that.
2. Justin Barcia Sends One For The Fans At Unadilla Justin Barcia is known for his inhuman abilities on a motorcycle, and at the Unadilla press day, he made sure to remind everyone why he is better than they are.
actually i have been here since August but my other account got banned because i simply said Kaep was as good or better than Wilson.. i didnt know people get ban around here for differing views.. and i swear i didnt troll matter of fact i gave props to wilson because he is from Richmond Va,,, my hometown been watching the kid since 2006 @ collegiate HS
After a very sleepless night (I should have known better than to eat the creme brulee) some of it spent on the sofa because I didn't want to wake Jerry I climbed back in bed for about 30 minutes and finally got up around 6:30.
Acknowledge the zero-sum math above, and accept that by investing actively you are betting that Manager X is better than the bottom half of all other active investors-and that given the noise out there, it's very possible that you could be wrong and end up on the other side of the index results (regardless of where the average active manager ends up).
7:1 "A good name is better than a good ointment" It is the word "good" (BDB 373 II), often translated "better," that links chapters 6 and 7 together (cf.
A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls' genitals and confines them behind walls and veils or flogs and stones them for falling in love. . . .
559.J Hill Says: August 30th, 2011 at 9:28 am Like you guys are ever going to get B to say that any place is better than his home town.
According to Rachels, someone who believes in cultural relativism cannot say that, because we now allow greater equality for women, our society is better today than it was in the past, because that would be evaluating the past culture by the standards of our present culture.
#3: The fact that you WANT to take away the civil rights of a group of people just because you don't like them makes you no better than many of the authoritarian dictators throughout history, and therefore, I will close this post with an emphatic DIAF.
A coalition of groups opposed to the state's planned extension of the I-69 highway says the Indiana Department of Transportation's expected budget shortfall over the next ten years is worse than reported.
After all nothing is better than coming home from school on a friday night and shooting Taliban from 1000 yards away.
Absolutely - that last point about images getting mangled, may be intentional or unintentional: the problem is you have no idea what the other side is looking at, because you can be almost certain that their display is worse than yours.
3/4 of a litre is a canny top up, me thinks you should check it more often and as a one off I wouldn't worry that much as the way I look at it any oil is better than no oil when push comes to shove, but as I said as a one off, as Lenny says next oil change put a flush in first and nice new filter and treat her to some nice correct oil, she will last longer.
Adam Hernandez: I was there great game crowd was great to bad we couldn't close it out but a point is better than no point and disappointment wont make the panthers better on to the next one Go CATS GO!!!
Adrian Kingsley-Hughes III Esq., a ZDNet blogger, tries to inform us why Apple is better than Windows and/or vice versa and just ends up confusing us all.
1) Kids who are over-dramatic about punishments (such as "no candy") and 2) Adults who thinks they they are automatically better than kids because of age, and turn away from things they see as "childish".
Actually very little analysis is required to show that an ideal world is better than a state of laissez faire, unless the definitions of a state of laissez faire and an ideal world happen to be the same.
2:00PM: Tea on the Flying City Jared Axelrod hosts a tea party for the launch of his new podcast - AND, a giant, super secret annoucement, which is better than you think it is.
1-5 is better than 0-6, yes, but the next opponents for this team are Tampa Bay, NYY, and the Rangers.
4.) Myself- Why because I wish, to study in America in the future and well of course get a masters in History research and eventually settle down in NJ or become a public school teacher(Yeah I know I am not very Asian as my writing mastery is usually better than my near non-existent math or scientific skills)
3. While understanding that peoples differ is no reason to deny opportunity to any individual able to perform at a desired level, regardless of origin; it is essential to offset the claims of demagogues, seeking to collectivize human society by arguing that because this or that group does better than another in a particular comparison, there must be an underlying injustice that requires societal intervention, or would justify that other's feeling "victimized" and abused.
Actually, the situation is worse than Paul describes, at least with some of the clients I deal with at the moment: we have got to the point now where not only is it understood that if you don't sign away publishing you won't get the job, also the fees for composition and production are reduced, sometimes to zero!, with the argument that "the composer will earn enough royalties"!
5. Any show about which cake is better than another cake Cake Wars , Cake Boss , Ace of Cake , Ultimate Cake , Amazing Cakes , Last Cake Standing , Food Network Challenge ...stop.
99%of the people agree that having a 5 inch display with virtual keyboard is better than having a 3 inch display with full qwerty (even blackberry) and you can download and customize different set of virtual key sets unlike hardware buttons so having a full qwerty might sound good idea even with good ergonomics its a thing of the past.
Additionally, microbes in the soil can break down a lot of the hydrocarbons from inevitable under-car drips, which is better than having them accumulate on paved surfaces then flush into receiving waters via storm drains with the next big rainfall.
5) Wright is better than SwaggyP and even though there is no such thing as a shooting streak in basketball, I believe Nick Young needs the confidence to know he can jack up 10-13 shots/game to be effective on O. Maybe DC is sitting him for reasons unknown.
After downloading Doom Builder (which is better than ever, BTW), I found out that mapping is something you don't forget how to do, even if you're functionally retarded after a such a long time away.
A bad night at Minute Maid Park is better than a good night anywhere else except maybe the Armadillo World Headquarters , may she rest in peace and I swear that woman from San Marcos said she would call the next day.
8) I'm already bored of this my Mp3 is better than yours arguement - who cares in 6 months time something else will blow everything away.
AAMOI Feynman says he didn't score well because his language skills were poor at school, but I think we all agree that his language skills or at least his ability to convey meaning to science were far and away better than many scientists at an older age, thus you never stop improving your skills, but IQ becomes redundant a short time into adolescence?
11 - Your difficulties are worse than others , because you were deprived of the rank of the scholars - considering your legitimacy and merit -(These difficulties are) because administering the affairs of the society and conveying the ( religious ) rules must be done by scholars who truly believe in God and know what is permitted and what is forbidden by God.
Actually, Adelson is worse than either: his serious proposal for dealing with Iran is to drop a "demonstration" nuclear bomb in their desert, then follow it up with "the next one in the middle of Tehran" if they refuse to surrender.
1 you can level without it, but endgame is all about the heroics 2 community is fairly average, better than say wow, but worse than say daoc or coh. 3 while leveling is different, end game is pure wow clone, grinding dungeons to get the next item set.
7. CHAPTER 1Build Muscle and Lose Fat by Eating Tasty, Nutritious FoodDieting to put on lean mass or strip away fat is SO much more pleasurable when you can enjoy yourfood.CHAPTER 2It's Time to Escape the Dreaded Diet TrapsNothing is worse than having to starve yourself to lose weight.
Adobe Photoshop Adobe InDesign Adobe Illustrator Macromedia FreeHand (because I like to work in it better than Illustrator) Macromedia Dreamweaver Quark Xpress (for cranky or fussy printers who are still runnning Quark 4 on OS9 or 2000) Macromedia Fireworks Macromedia Flash Ableton Live (for music development) Adobe Audition (for Windows based destructive editing) Propellorheads Reason (for composition) AVID DV Express, Pro edition (for video) Adobe After Effects Adobe Premiere (because it comes with the Video Bundle) And, of course, MS Office
After all, their philosophy was that private enterprise could do anything better than government, and cheaper, too, they thought, because the standard thing in their myth of capitalism is that competition would drive down the price.
3. I know if miss one morning because I decide bed feels better than swimming, I will justify my next miss with I did it before and it was ok.
A forum where dissenting opinions can compete on equal ground is better than one where the "run-away bride" and Michael Jackson take time away from Iraq and Darfur.
ABC's Splash concluded last night, and proved itself to be a surprisingly fun show-far better than the shitty one-off knock-off Fox churned out and aired first, and for me, more entertaining than Dancing with the Stars , perhaps because it was new.
acutally, if it was in the middle, it would be worse than a 10" because a notch sensativity, but at the ends, the the full height of the wood is just there because it easier to work with, and the way wood grains work.
3. Because I believe very strongly that the whole point of sports is to become better , and therefore I believe that playoff-based systems (which in the end determine which team had become the best by the end of the season) capture the spirit of sport better than do round-robin tournaments (which give just as much weight to how a team starts out as they do to how a team ends), I think it is fair to argue that a team that lost early has caught and passed the undefeated team.
A brief lunch ride to get everyone out on their bikes is better than sitting home waiting for the next great adventure.
A bandage is better than a spurting wound but in the case of a spending bill to fund the federal government through the next six months, it is just barely that.
2nd the grammys don't owe hip-hop but they should look outside and see that Hiphop is the new majority, I'm saying put them in a better spot with the Pop and Rock genres side by side because we are doing better than them anyways and it would be pretty stupid to put them in a pre-telecast.
Additionally, home prices will projected to continue their rise for the next 12-24 months, and Marco Island, which recovered better than the rest of the country because of low inventory and increased buyer traffic, will continue to shine.
About Indianapolis, I have this show.. allthough in poor sound, it's like the Dayton afternoon show, and that is..better than College Park.
2) Um ... I live around 500 meters away from a La Liga stadium ... if I want to see Busquets play I'll take my season ticket and go to the Barcelona game when they come to town ... watch him live, which is better than on tv or on edited YouTube video clips ... and yes, I have seen him play live numerous times and yes I have thought that he was over rated.
68 ' Thou 'st have that horse,' his master said, ' If that one thing thou wilt tell me ; Why that horse is better than any other, I pray thee, Tom Pots, shew thou to me.' 69 ' That horse is old, of stomach bold, And well can he skill of his train ; If I be out of my saddle cast, He '1 either stand still or turn again.' 70 ' Thou 'st have the horse with all my heart.
A flash unit is better light than the built in flash because you want the light source as far away from the lens as possible to reduce shadow.
Actually, I also moved my exam because I can't afford it right now, and moving it to September was so much better than being completely and totally stressed about money for the next two-three months because every spare dime... and a few non -spare dimes would have been sent to the AMCB .
Above all, this is sad -- because both traditions are necessary for a thriving polity, and because for much of its history the American system has succeeded better than any other in honoring both principles.
100 is nice for early-stage testing since the self-test will complete in roughly 1/10th the time, but 1000 is better once you have a good idea of optimal thread count on your system, because it yields a more-precise timing and is better at catching radix sets which may yield an unsafely high level of roundoff error for exponents near the upper limit of what the code allows for a given FFT length.
