26 176 While musing thus with contemplation fed, 177 And thousand fancies buzzing in my brain, 178 The sweet-tongu'd Philomel percht o're my head 179 And chanted forth a most melodious strain 180 Which rapt me so with wonder and delight 181 I judg's my hearing better than my sight 182 And wisht me wings with her a while to take my flight.
A few months ago, I found an excellent five page article published 15 years ago, in September 1997 - attached - theorizing why 96/24 sounds better than CD's 44/16 even though the Nyquist rule says that a 44khz sampling rate should pass frequencies up to 22kHz.
After all, you can sing wonderful songs (better than what you'd hear at your parish), listen to fantastic podcasts (better the sermons at your local parish), and fellowship with "less annoying people" at your home and volunteer on your own time.
3. Dad during the tail-end of Sunday's Pats-Jets game, after watching an inept Chad Pennington fire bounce passes all over the Meadowlands, then hearing Dan Dierdorf call Pennington New York's QB of the future: "I wish the future started right now." EIGHT THINGS YOU LEARN WHEN YOU HAVE DIRECTV AND YOU SPEND YOUR SUNDAYS WATCHING SIX GAMES AT ONCE ... 1. Deuce McAllister is much better than you think.
A flier because they were 5-11 last year and play in the same division as the Indianapolis Colts, Tennessee Titans and the better-than-you-think Houston Texans .
Adults prey on confused children, giving them a sense of belonging, of importance, and of superiority - after all no matter how low we sink we're still better than those " _____" (insert religious, ethnic or lifestyle slur ) of your choice.
11 I Come In Peace aka Dark Angel My Favorite Dolph Lundgren Movie(yes even better than Masters of the Universe, The Punisher, and Red Scorpion) This movie is about an evil criminal alien who comes to Earth in search of the Universes best Narcotic.
1 lb lean ground beef(turkey is leaner) fat free ricotta 12oz low fat mozzarella cheese 12 oz lasagna noodles (wheat is better) garlic minced basil pasta sauce(check the bottles, find the one that works best for you)
(8:37) OK - it looks like the ump will have a tight strike zone for both teams which is OK by me since I think Dice-K is better prepared to handle that than Chase Wright who was very lucky to get out of the first inning (Manny and Ortiz kill those pitches if they see them again).
A decent team can find itself dragged down by a spate of terrible misfortune; the '04 Tigers were certainly not a great team, but they were a far sight better than the '03 Tigers while sharing many of the same players (and the '02 Tigers were a very bad team but still 12 wins above the '03 team, again with many of the same players in common).
$ 37 - $ 312 special $ 29 - $ 249 Dining alfresco is a quintessential summer pleasure, and our Chatham Collection makes it better than ever.
15. Brian Vickers, Michael Waltrip Racing No. 55 Toyota - Hasn't finished better than 14th in his last seven non-restrictor-plate events.
01-Fuel 02-The Memory Remains 03-Devil´s Dance 04-The Unforgiven II 05-Better Than You 06-Slither 07-Carpe Diem Baby 08-Bad Seed 09-Where The Wild Things Are 10-Prince Charming 11-Low Man´s Lyric 12-Attitude 13-Fixxxer
After all the turmoil that this team had gone through-- the goalie carousel, the coaching change, winning on the last day in a shootout-- the Flyers were much better than a seventh seed in the Eastern Conference and it showed as they were within two games of winning a Stanley Cup.
16. Believes the Western Conference is better than the East right now because of superior goaltending and better defencemen.
Actually, I'm pretty sure Mark Harrison is not better than Denarius Moore or James Jones, or even Andre Holmes at this point in time.
Adjmi (Stunning, The Evildoers) combines wit, historical facts and razor-sharp characters to create a really insightful look into these historic characters - and at a time when mobs of poor, unkempt Occupy Wall Street protesters focusing on the nation's wealthy and screaming "I'm the 99 percent" makes us realize that we have more in common with Revolutionary France than we might have realized (and again, seeing the show on the night of an historic presidential election was a treat better than cake.)
After a struggling start to the season that precipitated the firing of Byron Scott after nine games, the Hornets have managed to claw back into the Western Conference playoff picture, albeit near that final No. 8 seed, while pushing their overall record to two games better than .500
1. it contains one of my favorite reggae riddims of all time (I am far from home so I can't give you the title right now - if I remember correctly it's the last track on the C-side - to my ears the instrumental sounds better than the vox mix) 2. I rather listen to the "Spider's Web" than to "The General" because I just love to hear these instrumentals without any vocals at all.
25 one way was better than ZED in some ways especially Coast to Coast, now will be maybe 35 or so but a short hop flight could be 15 with a ZED, but 25 priceed from an WN Id90 did work better with longer routes vs a ZED
After his appearance on the show the first night, solemnly firing his trusted hypeman for being too blunted when they perform, ultimately not really worth the money, Slim Thug came back with an actual song-that is, it should be noted, better than a lot of music we hear-and video showing he's curbed his spendthrift ways (though they do have a nice closeup on his giant chain, now apparently a relic of woebegone times).
1 - Big Blue Kitten, by Kitten's Joy Eclipse winner is back for yet another go 2 - The Pizza Man, by English Channel He's obviously better than he showed at GP 3 - Slumber, by Cacique Another old pro who looks like he'll be back 4 - Ironicus, by Distorted Humor Eager for this miler's return from injury
8) The "challenger rule" - an incumbent's final results won't be better than his final polling - was wrong;(8)
Adelaide Brighton said trading in the first four months of the year had been better than expected, particularly in Western Australia and South Australia due to resource and infrastructure projects.
1 Guard your steps when you go to God's house; for to draw near to listen is better than to give the sacrifice of fools, for they don't know that they do evil.
01.ONE WAY feat.McGucci - I Need You 02.Jennifer Lopez feat.Pitbull - Dance Again 03.Jessie J feat.David Guetta - Laserlight (Extended Mix) 04.Inna - July 05.Madonna - Love Spent 06.Groove Coverage - Dangerous 07.Adam Lambert - Better Than I Know Myself (Dave Aude Dubstep Remix) 08.Havana Brown feat.Pitbull - We Run The Night 09.Chris Parker - Rock'n'Roll Revolution 10.M.iam.i
After 15 years of working at home, writing article about w@h for publication and doing w@h mentoring, I can tell you my first rule is do what you love if you can do it better than other and if not, find a niche market and specialize in that.
Adventure is the name of the game here, and few do it better than Nadia.
After a certain price point you'll have to ask yourself if the benefit is worth the cost and effort, i.e does the modelled piano sound SIGNIFICANTLY better than a sampled one.
3. "anyone who watches football knows Steve Smith is better than Fitzgerald and Bolden and he's better than Wayne or Welker or Andre Johnson"
8. The "challenger rule"-an incumbent's final results won't be better than his final polling-was wrong.
3. Nothing better than cruising around Adelaide wineries driving the wife's tipsy mates and relaxing in the sunshine nursing a single glass of cold climate Shiraz.
94: I will have to admit that Steve Smith is better than TO, but I don't think Randy Moss, Chad Johnson, or either of the Arizona receivers are as good as he is.
Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â The Western Conference is magnificent, and a lot better than the Eastern Conference.Â We should just crown the team that comes out of the West as the NBA Champs right, thatâ€™s what a lot of media members feel should happen.Â
1. MERPS, the source books are great but the rules are rolemaster light and humans can be wizards 2. Deciphers much better than MERPS, actually seams alot like an expanded version of MERPS Quest (a much lighter MERPS game to hook kids) while humans can still be wizards the magic system is much more like tolkiens works than MERPS.
Africa is better in terms of productivity, costs, taxes, duty-free access to European markets because of their least developed country status, and lower transportation costs owing to the geographical proximity to our main markets in Europe.
5 stars from me...but the only crow I have to pick on you with is the names...here is just a few other suggestions.... CURIOUS GEORGE-- why steriods shouldn't be used on chimpanzees.....TENTACLES--the green lantern with roman hands and russian fingers....HUMPTY-DUMPTY--the guardians did put him back together again, better than he was before, better, stronger, faster... LONG DUCK DONG--what's happening, hotstuff?
6) The Super Bowl Ratings were the greatest of all time, as expected, and with the Pro Bowl scoring higher than it has in a long time, the NFL is looking better than ever.
2) War: Theodore Roosevelt said it best: "Wars are, of course, as a rule to be avoided; but they are far better than certain kinds of peace."
8 EP will get you Good Skill flight with 60ft movement, which IS better than this... but Flight is one of those Insanely Efficient powers that gives you a LOT of bang for your EP buck.
78% of fans say the Houston Texans are better than the Dallas Cowboys, according to an NFL.com poll.
About one in seven adult Americans fish freshwater; in Utah, one in six; in Colorado, one in five; in Montana, Idaho and Wyoming, better than one in four.
After all, we're all slaves to our capitalist masters and somehow that's better than serving a King... because our masters are only after accumulating as much wealth as they possibly can.
Accompaniments include meaty, crisp sweet potato fries ($4.95), or buttery roasted garlic mashed potatoes ($4.95), both better than either the overcooked baked stuffed potato ($4) delivered to our table, tasteless skillet potatoes ($5.25), or heavily breaded onion rings ($4.95), that we sent back because they arrived practically charred.
After advising us that it is better to come to the subject by way of Virgil, Dante, and Milton, he added that the best course of action is to acquire the original, plus "the Campbell-Robinson key," and
After all we've been through, given the fact that nothing- nothing -of significance is better than it was, and given the sweeping, unchecked power of the Republican party to create this mess, it is absolutely fascinating to witness the inability of everyday Republicans to grasp that their leaders have betrayed them (and every American) and done so in an overt fashion.
According to the tail end of the readme file, Armageddon is supposed to leave the universe better than it was before.
A beloved figure in the early 90's in the NBA and with Nike was former Orlando Magic guard Anfernee "Penny" Hardaway's sidekick "Lil Penny" is back and better than ever.
"A devoted patriot, successful businessman, and generous philanthropist, Gene B. Glick will be remembered always in Indiana for his heart of gold and commitment to leaving this world better than he found it," said Gov. Mike Pence.
After Harry died, Chapman ran again for the Republican nomination in a special election, but this time there was a nascent blog community starting in Virginia ready to shine the light on candidates much better than the local media would do at the time.
Adam Fowler , a fellow systems administrator based in Adelaide, Australia, sums up SCSM best: assuming you already pay for System Center, it is a functionally free helpdesk ticketing system that is "better than just an Inbox."
9     After a couple of years where it felt like the benefit of the doubt was being extended on all sides, I have once again found myself a bit out of sync with the poetry scene this year, notwithstanding the intense pleasure and pride of having managed to get Better Than Language into the world, and actually sincerely liking very much all thirteen of the poets represented in that book (I mean them and their work !).
According to King Sturge's Andrew Burrell, the commercial real estate markets of South America, Asia and eastern Europe are fairing better than the industry in the UK..............................................Full Article: Source
According to his own testimony, Antheil wrote his first string quartet as a picture of a gypsy band playing better than it knew how.
(1977) William Friedkin spends a lot of time in his 2013 memoir discussing why Sorcerer didn't click with critics and audiences even though he believes it to be better than his previous film, The Exorcist.
8 Organic Whole Wheat Tortillas (2 oz each) 2 lbs boneless skinless chicken thighs 1 medium onion 1 1/2 cups frozen pepper strips 3 cloves garlic, chopped 1 packet taco seasoning mix 8 oz Follow Your Heart Vegan Cheese Alternative - Cheddar 8 tbs Tofutti Better Than Sour Cream 8 tbs Pace Salsa
7 7) The "challenger rule" - an incumbent's final results won't be better than his final polling - was wrong; 8 8) On election day the early-day voters picked up by early exit polls (showing Kerry with a wide lead) were heavily Democratic instead of the traditional pattern of early voters being mainly Republican.
Actually, it is even better than the type found readily at a supermarket because there is not an alcohol taste!
Abu Huraira reported Allah's Messenger (may peace be upon him) as saying: He who took an oath and then found another thing better than (this) should expiate for the oath (broken) by him and do (the better thing).
1246: Lewis Hamilton reflects on McLaren team-mate Heikki Kovalainen's smash in Barcelona a fortnight ago, and it's clear he gets on well with the Finn - a lot better than he did with Fernando Alonso, that's for sure.
A-awesome B-bubbilicous C-cool D-directioner E-england F-fabulous G-gorgeous H-harry I-incredible J-james (Niall James Horton) K-kool L-lost without each other M- More of 1D N-Niall O-One Direction (u have 2 love them P-popular Q-queen of england R- restless S-Simon Cowell T-Tomlinsin U-unmistakible V-Very cuuuuuuuute boy band W-What can be better than 1D X-X Factor Y-you are totally awesome Z-zayn One Direction is totally awesome.
2100 m/s getting to Jool, 213 m/s correction at Jool, 352 m/s inserting into Eeloo orbit, and about 50 m/s for course corrections en route - so roughly 2700 m/s from low Kerbin orbit to low Eeloo orbit; nearly a 1,000 m/s delta-v better than trying to fly to Eeloo directly.
4. The Royal Rumble Match:   We addressed this a few months ago during Royal Rumble season, but it's worth mentioning that no singular gimmick match in WWE is better than the Royal Rumble match.
" A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush " used to express that it is better to have something for certain than the mere possibility of getting something better.
Actual melee combat comes with certain rules that is better not to ignore like getting your opponents to work to surround you since they will want to surround you anyway, dont let yourself drop on the ground because it means immediate crippling or death... Games that thought players as actors took up those rules as a framework to anchor their gameplay and in this regard, Ryse makes a poor job.
2 medium onions, chopped 3 tablespoons olive oil 5 ounces red lentils 5 ounces cracked wheat (bulgar) 1 small can tomato paste 8 cups veggie broth (can dilute w/water) 4 tablespoons mint (fresh is better, I use a lot!) 3 cloves garlic, minced juice of 1 lemon salt and pepper to taste
Acts of desperation BB10 is even doing better than the so called wp, Microsoft is busy advertising Nokia whatever's hardware with it has nothing to do with MS' wp, what if the share holder kick elop out which is just a matter of time and then Nokia comes to its senses and adopts Android and also release and Android phone with better camera than the so called luniatic sorry lumnia.
After hearing so many endorsements of Zumba by women of all ages, I decided to try it out - and where better than in Southern Florida, the home of all things Zumba?
642     If we have emphasized, here, the freedom-serving function of federalism, we also have to remember that there may be groups the civic liberty of which is better secured by the centre than by the member states, e.g. the coloured population of the United States.
Aaron Blake pointed out in the Washington Post that Romney ran ahead of most of the Republican Senate candidates: He did better than Connie Mack in Florida, George Allen in Virginia, Tommy Thompson in Wisconsin, Denny Rehberg in Montana, Jeff Flake in Arizona, Pete Hoekstra in Michigan, Deb Fischer in Nebraska, Rick Berg in North Dakota, Josh Mandel in Ohio, and of course Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard Mourdock in Indiana.
01- Fuel 02- The Memory Remains 03- Devil's Dance 04- The Unforgiven II 05- Better Than You 06- Slither 07- Carpe Diem Baby 08- Bad Seed 09- Where The Wild Things Are 10- Prince Charming 11- Low Man's Lyric 12- Attitude 13- Fixxxer
1. jason again he has the best confident sonic voice 2 ryan he was a close very close second has the friendly voice of sonic 3. roger he was decent but no ryan or jason though sega picked so u cant blame him 4. jaleel he was not so good 5. samuel vincent he sings noone sould pick him 6. martin sams is even better than this crap martins is the worse by far
8. Christopher Corey Smith - Just the sort of performance you'd expect from Joker. 9. Allen Enlow - Would fit "The Dark Knight Returns" Joker MUCH better than Michael Emerson, especially the way he says "darling!" 10.
10 - Night lights 11 - Jerseys...me supporting Australia of course!!! 12 - Hotel slippers and bathrobes ohhhhh comfy bliss 13 - Smoke Flares..about 7 or so were let off...it was a tie game 0 to 0!! 14 - More KoKo Black...its a serious obsession now...even better than San Churros dare i say!!
A company name (LL Bean) might perform better than an employee's name (John Smith).
2. Jermain O'Neal/Tyson Chandler, Michael Beasley, LeBron James, DWade, Raymond Felton - Felton's numbers are better than people give him credit for, and if he has any sense, he'll take whatever the Heat give him to play with the King & Dwyane.
Ad Boc - Her ID number - Pop supraliminal (Crimson Spiral) Jumprope - Kites are fun - Holiday in Brazil (Mushroom Pillow) Miranda Warning - Better than words - Twelve speed pop blender (Presto!) Allo Darlin' - My heart is a drummer - Allo Darlin' (Fortuna POP!) Trashcan Sinatras - I've seen everything - Brel - Acoustic performances from Glasgow (Lo-Five)
A brunette, she kept her hair shorter than the other girls, just above her shoulders, and she did have a nice smile, and an actual figure, which was considerably better than Anna's pathetic collection of female attributes.
A drug being developed by Johnson & Johnson and Bayer AG has again proven better than a standard treatment in preventing dangerous blood clots among patients undergoing orthopedic surgery, J&J said on Friday, boosting its chances for U.S. approval, according to a report in Reuters .
1)Gilchrist 2)Hayden 3)Ponting 4)Dean Jones 5)Steve Waugh 6)Andrew Symonds 7)Simon Odonnell (better than watson in ODI a better hitter late in innings and just as good a bowler maybe watoo a touch better bowler but not much in it O'donnell like steve waugh great slower ball) 8)Brett Lee 9) Shane Warne 10)Dennis Lillee 11) Glen Mcgrath 12th man) Micheal Bevan
25) Joe Carter - Better than the Baylor/Smith/Johnson trifecta, but still not top 15 material.
A family of beginner or intermediate skiers might consider vacationing at Silver Star, British Columbia, Steamboat, Colorado, or Schweitzer, Idaho, but it can't do better than Northstar, located an hour from Reno.
According to a 10-year study of older people in Adelaide, Australia, satisfying friendships predict longevity better than even close family ties, and they can protect against obesity, depression, and heart disease, among other health problems.
"After James Brown it doesn't get much better than Nile, Bernard, and Tony."
1-1 Pittsburgh Steelers at 0-2 Oakland Raiders CBS; DTV channel 716 Steelers -3.5 (3 units); under 45.5 Home teams get three points; am I to believe that the Steelers are only a half point better than the Raiders on a neutral field?
A bronze, who is by far better than sterling and what rating is he?
274/339/447 is better than Juan Uribe, Freddy Sanchez, Pablo Sandoval, Jose Guillen, Mark DeRosa, and exactly as good as Pat Burrell this year.
After 90 minutes on the phone with Air Jamaica we had to schedule to come home a day early That is better than having to cancel the trip entirely!
#48 Jimmie Johnson (last years champ) #99 Carl Edwards (will teach the stars back-flip techniques) #12 Ryan Newman (not making much noise this year) #9 Kasey Kahne (making noise, but the noise has been him hitting the wall) #2 Kurt Busch (his brother is better) #26 Jamie McMurray (last year vowed to not buy his tools at Home Depot after Tony Stewart crashed him out of a race)
"A bookish librarian encounters danger and intrigue when he sets out in search of a lost Renaissance masterpiece rumored to possess strange powers...While the post- Da Vinci Code  bookstore and/or library is bursting with novels about ancient secrets imbedded in renaissance art, this book is a few notches better than most, thanks to its crisp prose and drum-tight plotting.
13) Gal 12)T-rex 11)Watmough 10)James Tamou 9) Robbie Farah (to all those who thought a grand final winner, aussy test rep was not up to the toughness of state of origin, ate some big humble pie last year, and so did Mick Ennis who i rate too, but Farah is better 8) Willie Mason
Abbeyleix and Castletown are exceptions, much attention being paid to the houses there; in the baronies of Maryborough and Upper Ossory they are comfortable, but in the northern barony of Tinnehinch they are very poor, being little better than hovels, and in the neighbourhood of the collieries still worse.
2. There is a widespread habit among certain Western elites - and among the public at large - to think that the West knows what is better for Russia than Russia itself.
A far cry from the painfully slow and boring gunplay of Reach, and easily as good as [if not better than] Halo 3. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, this game's multiplayer Signed up to post this review, as I feel the user reviews here are not a true representation of the worth of this game.
Adam, the founder of Global Minds Mandarin Preschool & Language Academy, knows this better than anyone, having spent almost seven years teaching English in Asia and Africa.
1- combat is better in civ5 argument we had such debate when offense/defense/movepoints trio system was removed back in the old days.
5:45 pm Saturday, Dec. 29 @ Kalamazoo Central Lansing Sexton vs. River Rouge On pure talent with the physical tools the college coaches covet, it doesn't get much better than Sexton's 6-9 sophomore Trevor Manuel and River Rouge's 6-9 junior Jamal Poplar.
A Bird In The Hand Is Worth Two In The Bush: Having something that is certain is much better than taking a risk for more, because chances are you might lose everything.
88. Smith dropped only one pass (5 percent of targets, better than Calvin Johnson, Hakeem Nicks and DeSean Jackson).
A duo of James Harden and Dwight is not better than T-Mac and Yao Ming.
According to media reports, louis vuitton outlet Blake lively day wearing a bud silk fashion class evening dress, hands with crystal rose pattern illuminative gauze, the black look better than ever grace, a random thoughts.
After a long day exploring the sights and museums, what could be better than grabbing a baguette, some wine and relaxing in some of the [...]
42 By comparing Xenophon in M. S. iv. 2. 39, quoted by Stalbaum, it would seem that Euthydemus and Aristides had been shown by Socrates to be no better than slaves, as Alcibiades is in Alcib.
156) - The Idylls of the King would actually suit his argument far better than the deadpan violence of the 'Noble Tale of Sir Launcelot').
22. Ebay Vs Yahoo Not as wide wiiide scope no yes Charge of posting none yes insurance Better than eBay Not as efficient response Less likely More likely Chances of buy/sell To buyer and seller when item is sold Up to 5% of closing price commission No charge to any buyers or sellers Based on the reserve price of the item Fee 14 days 1O days Max duration Yahoo Ebay content
Adam James has got a big wooden spoon out, stuck it into a bubbling pot of claret and blue ire, and stirred: "What a lot of Villa fans such as George Templeton don't understand is that most Liverpool fans a) have the utmost respect for Villa and always have done even though truthfully they aren't in the Champions League and b) didn't really want Liverpool to sign Barry because Alonso is better.
25. Nelson Cruz - His season was actually much better than this ranking and that will be reflected in January when I go over 2010 rankings.
After about an inch of cabbage ribbons went in, Grandma would sprinkle the kosher salt over it all, in a proportion that her hands knew better than her head, and Mom or Uncle John would take up the "tamper"-a huge turned flat bottomed cudgel made of oak, once again by Grandpa-and beat the cabbage down, smashing it and releasing the juices, packing it tightly into the crock, forcing out the air.
2. Boston 55 27 PG: Rajon Rondo, Jason Terry SG: Courtney Lee, Leandro Barbosa, Avery Bradley SF: Paul Pierce, Jeff Green, Kris Joseph PF: Brandon Bass, Jared Sullinger, Chris Wilcox C: Kevin Garnett, Darko Milicic, Jason Collins, Fab Melo Nothing would be better than an Eastern Conference Finals with Miami-Boston.
According to John, this IDE is better than the Google Android plugin for Eclipse, which seems to be the de facto IDE for Android, because it has a few extra features like the generation of boilerplate code to make the developer's life easier, and also graphical tools to manage SQLite databases.
3 points: Eric Mack liked James Starks and Grant (good, so-so), disliked Ingram and Pierre Thomas (on the money), knew Ray Rice would light it up, missed on Mendenhall and Blount, hit on Best, thought the Chiefs backfield would be better than it was, overestimated Chris Johnson, undervalued Cedric Benson, wrongly joined the anti-Hightower chorus, hit a home run with Beanie Wells, and got it wrong with Jones and Knowshon Moreno.
1 cup vital wheat gluten 2 teaspoons smoked Spanish paprika 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast 2 teaspoons onion powder 1 teaspoon garlic powder 3/4 cup water 2 tablespoons tahini or other nut butter 1 tsp Better than Bouillon Vegetarian Beef Base (optional) 1 teaspoon Liquid Smoke 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1 cup of your favorite barbecue sauce
Abimelech's argument is that one king is better than 70; one leader is better than many.
After a few months of iron supplements (and an endlessly upset stomach) I am almost up to normal levels and feel better than James Brown.
AeroCube-4C is a 1U CubeSat (10 x 10 x 10 cm in dimension) that contains various "first of a kind" mission technologies including solar panel wings that close and open to tune the ballistic coefficient and enable efficient formation flying; three-axis attitude control to better than 3 degrees absolute accuracy; a 0.3-square-meter deployable deorbit device; sub-miniature reaction wheels; and a launch environment data logger that records ascent accelerations, pressure, and temperature.
After a nice strong flight out over King St. and the Art Gallery of Hamilton he returned to the upper roof of the Sheraton where, according to Falconwatchers, he made a much better than normal first landing.
Adding a prefix or suffix or its deminutive form has already certain expressive meaning: NEKOVAR (a smith who is better to keep out of the way), TESARIK (a carpenter, rather small by the skill or height).
4. Hats off to whoever improved James Jones' defense-he's now able to draw a charge and his close out on perimeter players and rebounding is better.
1 Manning- that ship has sailed so the next best option is 2 2 Smith - Although some think ck or Johnson can be better, since our FO is trying to sign Smith they must think he is better right now and I trust their judgement.
After a slow start, the Hobbit series has founf new life in the second movie which is titled "The Desolution of Smaug," anbd in a way it's a little better than the first, but still lag behind the Lord of the Rings series from a decade ago.
According to Drake, the software easily determines appropriate sample sizes for test panels to ensure results can be read with confidence; gauges the reliability of a test estimate by placing bounds around the test response rate; and determines if one test panel is significantly better than another with a certain level of confidence.
6. Emeka Okafor in exchange anybody who would actually play - The Suns have been better than anybody thought they'd be, but they're entirely too young and inexperienced to make any sort of postseason run in what has proven to be an insanely tough Western Conference.
6. Jackson is the last of the primary teenager-aged main characters (although he is played by a 24-year-old), and is the Draco Malfoy to Scott's Harry Potter because he's rich, malicious, and obsessed with being better than Scott at
After doing much better than expected against the best in the business, Australia, Bangladesh came just one wicket short of winning her first ever test match in Multan.
A 6-0 pasting at the hands of the L.A. Kings, who are better than the aforementioned Eastern Conference teams, was followed by a loss in Philadelphia.
Actually, it was among the best I've never seen, as "Mo" recorded a 110 Brisnet speed rating (the Kentucky Derby par is 107) and a -3 LSR - the latter of which was better than the debut number of Affirmed, Seattle Slew, Spectacular Bid and, yes, even Secretariat.
420 421 4. Conclusion 422 Neuroscience may well improve forensic science in the long run (Neufeld & Scheck, 2010) where it is better than the 423 available psychologic or psychiatric evidence, particularly in cases where legal questions directly pertain to neural 424 questions, such as whether a certain kind of brain damage occurred, for which neuroimaging methods have already been 425 used frequently in the past (Snead, 2007).
After I had read the minutes of the last two meetings, I suggested we amend the agenda to defer the Treasurer's Report, but Congressman Andy Harris interjected, "no, hopefully your treasury is doing better than ours."
23) Joe Carter - Better than the Baylor/Smith/Johnson trifecta, but still not top 15 material.
about those born at "the dangerous intersection of poverty and race"); Tony Campolo reminding me again that our call is to a radical faith, and radical expression of it; Al Gore speaking on care for the earth - from a thoroughly Christian perspective (y'all it was SO freakin' good - even better than his film); and so many other compelling speakers and preachers (William Shaw, Charles Adams, Julie Pennington-Russell, Bill Clinton!).
2   Some of the more recent sources on the politics of inequality that are worth reading include: Joseph Stiglitz, The Politics of Inequality (New York: Norton, 2012) and Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett, The Spirit Level: Why Equality is better for Everyone (New York: Penguin Press, 2010).
[ 20 ] Scholar Reginald Allen suggested that the reviews in the Sunday papers may have been better than the others because their critics, facing deadlines (the premiere was on Saturday night, and finished late because of the long interval), may not have stayed to the end.
10. Aristotle clearly __ (Blank 1) __ that the __ (Blank 2) __ plot is better than the simple one; in it there is the sudden reversal of situation and the __ (Blank 3) __ of the truth.
Actually it also made me think of TROY -- this movie is better than Troy, although frankly I'd rather see TROY again, if just for the pretty pretty men - because of that whole mostly-male obsession with seeing your name get written down into history, sung about, glory, yadda yadda.
A. B.: [As Adelaide] Listen, I can fly this plane better than you can with my left hand behind by back.
After admiring the seat of government, take a stroll down the beautiful Unter Den Linden boulevard which leads from the gate to the imposing concrete jungle of Alexander Platz, the heart of the former east of Berlin, which is better known for the collosal and imposing television tower.
1.Arizona Cardinals 2. The Mets(hey a september colapse is better then one in may) 3. Republicans (their idiot mistake was only in power for 8 years and nutting has been around since 96) 4. The Heavens Gate Cult 5.Enron stock holders (it went well for a little while, more then the pirates can say) 6.Even the Detroit Lions
Adam Warren didn't pitch particularly well on Sunday, but he did pitch better than any of the three New York Yankees starters to get the ball at Camden Yards this weekend, and his start was the only game the Yankees won against the Baltimore Orioles in the series.
After all, Harris had just one interception a year ago and he's always been able to read quarterbacks better than most because of his days playing the position in high school.
95. (Dhu al-Qarnayn) said: 'The power my Lord has given me in this connection is better.
22. A plastic substrate selected from poly(alkyleneterephthlate) and polyolefins having the cured residue of the coating composition of claim 1 wherein the coated plastic has barrier properties to carbon dioxide and oxygen better than the uncoated plastic and the coating has at least one property selected from water resistance, moisture resistance, line lubricant resistance acid resistance, alkaline resistance, carbonated beverage resistance, acidic beverage resistance, and alcoholic beverage resistance for up to around 15 minutes at ambient conditions or ice water resistance for 2 to 24 hours.
2.45 Goodwood It will be heart-in-mouth time if Beachfire again loses lengths at the start but he has coped well with this track on two previous visits and it will suit him better than Chester did last time.
A.D. Stewart: the U.S., Australia, and Israel are better than Nazi Germany, Stalinist Russia, and Maoist China.
2° To minimize Delta it looks like it is better to use a large Io but then the window of Rout variation with current is wider.
After a six-game losing streak, the Cubs have now won four straight overall and boast a +6 run differential, better than some winning teams like the San Francisco Giants (28-25) and Washington Nationals (27-26).
125K from the New York Yankees seems a hell of a lot better than 125K from the Kansas City Royals.
After being called out during the week by Bill Self , Perry Ellis  answered the bell early but was unable to take the game over due to foul trouble and Frank Mason  was perhaps even better than Ellis all game long.
16. Seattle Seahawks (8-5): Yes, their record is one game better than the previous six teams, but if you cannot beat the Arizona Cardinals with a division title on the line, you get booted from the Head of the Class faster than Howard Hessman.
AA Duncan1, ME Wheaton1, N Rogers2, O Kearins2 1Warwickshire, Solihull and Coventry Breast Screening Unit, Coventry, UK; 2West Midlands QA Reference Centre, Birmingham, UK Breast Cancer Research 2010, 12(Suppl 3):P41 (doi: 10.1186/bcr2694) Introduction During the changeover from analogue to digital screening in the UK, reassurance is needed to confi rm that the outcomes with digital are equal to or better than analogue screening.
A baked potato would know better than to fall into this stupid trap, and a baked potato would have already reported being stalked and harassed to the police, but David just goes all alone to meet this disturbed person in the middle of nowhere in a weird house.
10,000% better than actually having to sit down and listen to anything The Doors ever committed to record.
About Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon Taking place in the fictional city of New Detroit, the giant insects and aliens are back in Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon and the soldiers are equipped better than ever in the latest cult classic iteration that follows in the footsteps of Earth Defense Force 2017 (Japanese Title "Earth Defense Force 3" developed by Sandlot).
1967 NFL Championship Game between the Green Bay Packers & Dallas Cowboys - This game is better known as "the ice bowl".
[ 7 ] Although the Gila monster appears closely related to the monitor lizards (varanids) of Africa, Asia and Australia, their wide geographical separation and the unique features not found in the varanids indicate the Gila monster is better placed in a separate family.
51: Turn Up The Music, Chris Brown 52: Banjo, Rascal Flatts 53: Loud, Mac Miller 54: Talk That Talk, Rihanna Featuring Jay-Z 55: Ayy Ladies, Travis Porter Featuring Tyga 56: Feel Like A Rock Star, Kenny Chesney & Tim McGraw 57: Everybody Talks, Neon Trees 58: Stay Schemin, Rick Ross Featuring Drake & French Montana 59: Alone With You, Jake Owen 60: Better Than I Used To Be, Tim McGraw
550 home runs is very rare, in fact only one person hit 550 for quite a long time and to turn Cobb who specialized in so many other things into being better than Foxx, Williams, Musial or Gehrig perhaps, well, I think we are a little polluted by the home run numbers from '94-'2004 or so.
AE-FEAR THE KITTEN: Has already finished behind Java's War, Palace Malice, Charming Kitten, Black Onyx, Giant Finish, Oxbow, Golden Soul and Frac Daddy; none of which would be better than sixth choice in Derby 139.
5. James Brown G/T Troy - Quick footed, long armed, athletic but raw OT from troy who some think is better suited at G as a pro, which should intrigue Reese because he'll be able to stick em at T in a pinch, because of the exp and solid arm length and quick feet.. kinda a developmental guy, but i think he'd be worth the wait, as he has quite a few tools...
13 - Should I Stay - Clash.mp3 14 - Loser - Beck.mp3 15 - Satisfaction - Devo.mp3 16 - Pincushion - ZZ Top.mp3 17 - Lights Out - Peter Wolf.mp3 18 - Better Than James Brown - Was Not Was.mp3 19 - Shadowy Countdown - Shadowy Men.mp3   Mills Brothers  -  42.40
6b) Thats an argument that the wizard is better as he is right now, which I kinda find flaws as of course the wizard is better, they are overpowered.
Above all, whether we do it through our own website or not, we should GET SOME VIRAL VIDEOS OUT THERE that will play and play on YouTube and other sites, that the general public will actually want to watch and to watch again and to share with their friends - and generally use the new media rather better than we have as a Guild so far.
About RCX 2010 RCX 2010 was bigger, badder and better than ever as thousands of RC and enthusiasts were blown away by the show's raw energy and power.
26 The Preacher Advises to Fear God 1Guard your steps when you go to God's house; for to draw near to listen is better than to give the sacrifice of fools, for they don't know that they do evil.
Add in the deer, monkeys, crocodiles, wild boar and other large mammalian species and the Indian Subcontinent is regarded as even better than Africa!
Add all of those improvements up, and it helps explain why this eighth seed is much better than most and why they are likely the favourites to win the Western Conference.
1. Cliff Lee 2. Clayton Kershaw (he'll be the best out of the group but his strike out numbers/era weren't that much better than Cliff's and I'm taking home ball parks into effect).
1997 - ReLoad: 1. Fuel 4:29 2. The Memory Remains 4:39 3. Devil´s Dance 5:18 4. The Unforgiven II 6:36 5. Better Than You 5:21 6. Slither 5:13 7. Carpe Diem Baby 6:12 8. Bad Seed 4:05 9.
2010 Audi S4 Ditching lazy V-8 power in favor of a supercharged V-6, the all-new Audi S4 is better than ever.
A flier because they were 5-11 last year and play in the same division as the Indianapolis Colts, Tennessee Titans and the better-than-you-think Houston Texans.
A common question I'm asked in Buenos Aires, normally by Argentines, is "Why do you want to live here???" The impression is that everything in Europe, particularly in London, works a lot "better" than it does in Latin America.
4. The spirit of wisdom answered (5) thus: 'On account of the deceit and violence of the fiend of greediness (6) men utter more words as to the manliness of every one whose wealth and power are more, and recount his deeds and actions more fully; (7) but, in the eyes of the angels and archangels, a poor man who is innocent and wise is better and more precious than a king or opulent man who is ignorant.'
1 cup chickpeas 2 tablespoons olive oil ½ cup vital wheat gluten ½ cup oatmeal, food-processed to breadcrumb consistency (or ½ c plain breadcrumbs) ¼ cup vegetable broth or water (I used Better than Bouillon) 2 tablespoons soy sauce 2 garlic cloves, pressed or grated ½ teaspoon lemon zest ½ teaspoon dried thyme ½ teaspoon paprika (I used hot, and it was great) ¼ teaspoon dried sage Olive oil or cooking spray for baking or pan-frying
1) Outsourcing development in countries such as India, China or Eastern Europe lowers the cost of developing a technology significantly; 2) The United States has lost leadership in certain key technology area: for instance, in the mobile industry, it is better to get an early traction in Asia and Europe as traditional players in the US won't move fast enough; 3) The Internet has enabled the creation of truly global companies: if we take the example of Jaspersoft, an open source business intelligence.
add and for my Parallel of Archi- tecture better than that of this Treatise Page 8z, line 16; after Warwickshire, add Mr. Asbmole's Garter, Page 83, line 16 ; to Custos is the following addition: Do- minicus Custos, and Wolfgangus Kilian, from the paintings of Wickgram and others, The effigies of the Duke of Bavaria, with the rest in his ^Atrium Heroicum for all the famous persons of that century, both of Europe and Asia.
AFC East bouts don't get much better than when the New England Patriots and New York Jets square off in the second half of the season.
12. Indiana Pacers (17-32) Pacer fans can relive the glory days of Reggie Miller through one of ESPN's "30 for 30" documentaries about his rivalry with the New York Knicks, because the 2009-10 season of Pacer basketball isn't going to get much better than reminiscing about Game 5 of the 1994 Eastern Conference finals.
1) Warner 2) Watson 3) Hughes/ Cowan / S. Marsh 4) Clarke (c) 5) D. Hussey(I always wonder how come this guy didn't make it to test team with all his talent) 6) Haddin (Yes play him as a specialist batsman, He is way better than likes of Smith, Henriques and Maxwell) 7) Wade (wk) 8) Siddle 9) Starc 10) Pattinson 11) Lyon
.225     June batting average for the New York Yankees Better than only the lowly Houston Astros, the lack of hitting caused the Yankees to slip to fourth place in the AL East.
According to one oddsmaker, Australia and Russia are no better than 8-1 and 9-1 long shots, respectively, to win gold, and no other team is even in the conversation.
A free phone running Android is still better than nothing and dorks who talk crap about is should have to get a free phone because they can't afford it because they got fired from their job due to the fact they are sorry writers.
After eating this one--sweet, straightforward, bursting with blueberry flavor and a dash of rhubarb tartness, I have to say that I'm liking the blueberry+rhubarb (aka: "bluebarbberry") combination much better than the classic strawberry+rhubarb !
A bloody nose in the name of freedom is better than the dry discipline of a workhorse.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6.8 Assassin 30/Bard, Sorcerer, or Wizard 3/Pale Master 7 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Wizard class suits this build better than either Bard or Sorcerer - the INT bonus doubles as a booster for the Death Attack.
[ 4 ] In reality, according to Kaletsky, China's GDP in 2005 was $2.3 trillion and in 2015 is $10.3 trillion, [ 4 ] [ 4 ] the renminbi stabilized in October, "capital flight" dwindled, and there are "better-than-expected reserve figures released by the People's Bank of China on October 7." [ 4 ] Kaletsky claims that suspect but powerful financial feedback perceptions are constantly "self-reinforced" but that they do not reflect economic reality.
Actually, the Democrats have it somewhat better than that in the Colorado State Senate as they will have a built in edge from seats not up for election in 2012 and a little bit of an incumbency advantage in that year.
A CD that celebrates the 100th anniversary of Art Tatum's birth in Toledo, OH on October 13, 1909, this collection is better than most budget compilations, and can only whet your whistle toward the purchase of the complete Masterpieces sets, staples for any serious jazz fan.
3. The lack of overall polish: Although the game is designed much better than Adventure Time: Explore the Dungeon Because I DON'T KNOW! for the 3DS (I'm still trying to forget about that game, but that's a whole other can of worms), it feels lackluster at times.
85mm f/1.8 (manual focus) on D3: People go on and on about this lens, and maybe it was hot stuff back in the 1970s on film, but it's nothing special and not better than the 85mm f/1.8 AF on the D3 today.
( A detailed analysis by a NASA official who appears knowledgeable about such issues ranks Meteor in the middle of deadly-meteor movies, better than Armageddon but not as good as Deep Impact .)
1 pound whole wheat fettuccine 1 1/2 cups frozen sweet yellow corn, thawed 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can coconut milk 2 teaspoon onion powder 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt 1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes 1 tablespoon vegan butter (I use Earth Balance) 1/4 medium onion, sliced 4 ounces vegan cream cheese (I use Tofutti Better Than Cream Cheese) 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, optional
2 stud safeties, dont have to worry about Colon's contract/health with Warmack, Jackson plays similar to a Ray Lewis, very physical.. Spencer Ware has star potential just is hidden from LSUs RB by committee approach.. Reid will be a nice nickel corner in the league.. and Hopkins is better then Suisham.
According to the sabermetric website FanGraphs, which uses a formula to estimate the effectiveness of certain pitches, nobody in the American League this season threw his changeup better than Sabathia.
Africa weathered the global recession better than most regions of the world, and its recent economic performance is second only to that of Asia, according to several international institutions (see Africa Renewal , April 2010).
A few weeks ago, I introduuced Matisse to MuuMuse, the up-and-coming dance floor vixen (and former member of sister act Brit & Alex) responsible for the summer smash, "Better Than Her." (LISTEN) The singer is currently busy cooking up the contents of her debut album due out in Spring 2011, which is expected to include ... Read the full article
a better-than-expected 20 per cent rise in quarterly profit as offshore drilling increased in North America and demand from the Middle East and Asia rose.
15 comments to "Tiger Woods Is Better At Golf Than You Could Ever Imagine - Another HUGE Achievement Coming!"
[ 19 ] He notes that human extinction is unavoidable, and that it is better to become extinct soon to avoid causing the extinction of other animals.
A chance to see the play, (different from the movie version), and a chance to see something better than fat people losing weight (Biggest Loser), loser people trying to mate (The Bachelor, or worse, Bachelorette), people who are neither Stars, nor Dancing, on Dancing with the Stars (and those that excel are not live but edited before airing, and on and on.)
A chrome plated bronze winch is better, but a 316 stainless winch will be lower cost in the long run, but they aren't cheap!
- 3. Though a camp encamp against me], surround the people of God in siege, as the army of Assyrians, 2 K. i8 17seq - It is better to preserve the identity of words in Eng- lish than to use the syn.
10. Diddy Diddy blurred the line between artist and A&R better than anyone, but, notably, he pulled off his greatest signings (with the exception of the L.O.X.) before his 1997 debut, No Way Out .
8) Marbled Murrelet protections upheld by courts, -California: 9) Implications of Klamath / Dillon Creek roadless areas that are on fire, 10) Bristlecone Pine summary, 11) Berkeley treesit continues despite more tresitters giving up, 12) Grizzly Flat: Destroying a forest every decade is better than destroying it once?
621 (1981)] (Probably the question is better viewed not as a technical one of merger but as a question of attempted termination by consent of all beneficiaries-e.
About the only thing Uldum had going for it besides the badly underutilized Tol'vir was Thrall's merciful absence, though Harrison's not much better than him there, and similarly suffered a lot of player backlash.
[1]A steady flow of better-than-expected news out of the housing market is painting a brighter picture for the nation's lenders and, perhaps best of all, a predicted tidal wave of foreclosures never made it to shore.
#43 already explained it better than I could since IANAL, but I was using the common law definition of assault (intentionally causing fear of harm), not the connotation it has for many (punching someone in the face) or the specific legal definition of assault in Toronto (I have no idea what that is).
"A breezy case for optimism... "Abundance: The Future is Better Than You Think"...[is] a godsend for those who suffer from Armageddon fatigue."
After 10 years and what started as a university project in Melbourne, Australia, and now to debut the game at Gamescom in Cologne, Germany; it doesn't get much better than this.
7 Agnese Mancini , Islam Elsadek , Bénédicte Madon , When simple is better: Comparing two sampling methods to estimate green turtles abundance at coastal feeding grounds, Journal of Experimental Marine Biology and Ecology , 2015 , 465 , 113 CrossRef
#16 - New York Knicks This ranking might be because my friend Eric keeps telling me how the Knicks will be a Eastern Conference powerhouse and so much better than the Bulls (and is also responsible for the Bulls being ranked higher).
1. Mw2 is Better 2.Mw2 doesnt freeze my whole game 3.Treyarch U suck just hand the game to Infinity Ward 4.Horrible Spawn Point 5.I was prestige 2 Lvl 35 and was told to delete the game data and it still froze the next patch hopefully will be better.
After all, a $10 Quartz movement keeps time every bit as good or better than a truly fancy analog mechanism tucked inside a diamond-encrusted casing.
8 Reasons Why the Cleveland Indians Are Better Than the Detroit Tigers
Actually it is better than the last dozen #1 overall picks, but it's tough to compare since so many of them were QBs: JaMarcus Russell Mario Williams Alex Smith Eli Manning Carson Palmer David Carr Michael Mike Vick Courtney Brown Tim Couch Peyton Manning Orlando Pace Keyshawn Johnson
After a season's worth of anticipation leading the New England Patriots dynasty down to the Metrodome to play the New Orleans Saints , we finally can say with full confidence: Drew Brees and the Saints are better than Tom Brady and the Patriots .
3. Banyuls, France The village of Banyuls on France's Côte Vermeille is better known for its wines than its pebbly beaches and coastal views, but there is a trail that is well worth the effort of seeking out.
After eyeing the numbers September grabbed them up again, casting a warning look at the other members of the table who by now knew better than to go anywhere near her dice.
95.He said: "That (wealth, authority and power) in which my Lord had established me is better (than your tribute).
After a tough week at the hands of the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians, the Baltimore Orioles seem to like nothing better than some home cooking.
Adele is back and better than ever - and she'll prove it by performing at the Grammys .
1. Jeff Gordon, Hendrick Motorsports No. 24 Chevrolet -- Has points leader Matt Kenseth still in his sight, which is better than what most other Chase drivers can say.
(5) Given that no one can claim mastery and understanding of youth problems better than the youth themselves, it would have been appropriate to have consulted them in formulating the NYEP.
1. "The Natural" (1984) -- No movie mythologizes baseball better than Barry Levinson's well-crafted fairy tale about destiny-annointed, highly moral ballplayer Roy Hobbs (Robert Redford) whose story combines a superhero tale with Arthurian legend and, yes, even Homer's "The Odyssey," all set to Randy Newman's appropriately heroic score.
1993: Ausgebremst - In the gaming world, most folks know the game this was based on (Ave Caesar) better than they know of this auto-racing themed follow up... and they mostly know of Ave Caesar because it was difficult to find & expensive to acquire for a long, long time.
Actually Tera is better developed yes the reason being it is p2p but however their is one thing they did right with their questing system when you go into certain area's or quest modes.
