Six Reasons Windows is Better Than OS X
Windows and OS X require handling because of
In most ways, OS X is superior to Windows XP."
I also find that OS X has a better shelf life than Windows.
Even better, it's free and runs on both Windows and Mac OS X.
Windows 7 on my v 2,1 MBA is by far better than OS X on my MBA.
As far as I'm concerned, OS X is not any better than MS Windows.
Even Mac OS X 10.3 is still better than recent Windows versions.
"Windows is better than OS X as a post-production operating system."
Windows 8 adoption: Worse than Vista, better than OS X Mountain Lion
unfortunate, because the Windows market is HUGE compared to OS X, and
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS: Windows 98 or better or Mac OS X 10.2.8 or later.
Equally, I'm a Windows user, because OS X is still terrible for games.
Not a BeOS but definately up there with Windows and OS-X, maybe better.
OS/X: Because making Unix user-friendly was easier than debugging Windows
They give up in frustration because they expect OS X to act like Windows.
Mac OS X has astonishingly better multimedia performance than Windows XP.
Obviously the first reason is because it is OS X not Windows (any flavor).
Flash performance on Windows is an order of magnitude better than on OS X.
I agree with Sahil Malik, the Windows approach is inferior to OS X scaling.
Yes, the reason you see Linux as Windows meets OS X is because it runs .exe
Interestingly Python on Windows appears to do better than Python on Mac OS X.
Acting like this is some kind of "Windows is better than OS X" thing is silly.
Apple offers real value because OS X is a better operating system than Windows
I have the opinion that OS X as an operating system is far superior to Windows.
OS X has an arguably better user experience than windows, and it's "teh pretty".
Windows no longer sucks because OS X (and Linux) beat the living crap out of it.
No longer can OS X users laugh at Windows because its "ugly"... - by Kashmir5309
OS X is also much better at power management than Windows, this is a good thing.
exFAT also offers better cross-platform support, such as between Windows and OS X.
I like OS X because it feels more natural than any Windows edition I've used so far.
I suppose I could reboot everyday, but I like to pretend OS X is better than Windows.
I'd rather see why its better than Windows, Solaris, or OS X, not fellow OSS distros.
Developers will NOT stop supporting Mac OS X because "Mac users can just run Windows."
Mac OS X has a better user interface than Windows, better security and is more stable.
That's a useful distinction because in Mac OS X, an application opens multiple windows.
All other computer users, and we are the majority, are better served by Windows or OS X.
I believe OS X is objectively better than Windows, but only by the narrowest of margins.
And it is a fact that all the Adobe Applications run way better under Windows then OS X.
In a perfect world all these games would run in OS X, and BETTER than they do in Windows.
That the MBP 17 handles Mac OS X much better than Windows is just the nature of the beast
If so, that's a nice option because it creates native bundles for Windows, OS X and Linux.
Mac OS was still better than Windows then, but OS X really put the gas pedal to the metal.
Some people will find OS X easier or better whilst there are people who prefer Windows 10.
Unfortunately, this seems to work better with Linux/Unix systems than with Windows or OS X.
So, Microsoft, you're even losing on price + a better OS experience on OS X than Windows 8.
Mac OS X and the hardware it uses works together better then windows/Linux and its hardware.
I like Mac OS X also because it's a Unix-like OS, which feels less messy to me than Windows.
Apple Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite and Microsoft Windows 10, which is the better operating system?
Default Folder X makes OS X Better It's no secret that OS X Finder windows have serious flaws.
If you picked MP3, MP4, OGG, and the like, OS X is much better than Windows at interoperating.
It was argued that comparisons didn't work because Mac OS X had different demands than Windows.
When Microsoft announced Windows 7, I actually thought it looked better than OS X (I use OS X).
I like OS X, but it's not in any regard more advanced or better than Linux, FreeBSD or Windows.
OS X has a better handle on this than Windows does at the moment, especially with Windows Vista.
Eh, I looked, none of those links are really helpful, especially because I'm on OS X not Windows.
Windows 7 has arrived, and after only two weeks it is apparently selling better than Mac OS X 10.6.
The VVRML plugin requires runs on any Windows system or better (better includes Mac OS X and Linux).
That's because the Haptic is compatible with any Darwin OS, including both Windows and Apple's OS X.
It doesn't really matter if I'm booted into Windows or OS X, because everything is always available.
Apple preempted Windows XP's launch by several weeks, releasing Mac OS X 10.1 to much better reviews.
id say the main reason most orgs arent doing OS X (some are), is because the Windows guys know Windows.
Windows user wanting to make the switch Well, a better solution would be to use MS Office for Mac OS X.
I will simply say : no, people will only see os X is not better than windows and will simply reject it.
In the Windows and OS X installers these files could be put somewhere, because they are useful for users.
Windows seems to do much better at wireless auto settings than OS X, at least that has been my experience.
PcPer: How do you think performance in Ubuntu compares to BSD, Windows or Mac OS X? How could it be better?
1) People move to OS X because Windows, including 7, has more problems and nuisances than I care to mention.
Exactly if running OS X under OS X and then Windows software will allow for better security I can not guess.
(Second Life specifies a cable or DSL connection, Windows XP or Vista on a PC, or Mac OS X 10.4.11 or better.
This 8GB drive gives you fast transfers and driverless support for Windows ME and better, Mac OS X, and Linux.
OS X and its shiny case may be better than Windows on a ThinkPad to some extent, but it's not worth $500 more.
It's also OS dependant, because I could control de audio of my DAC on both Windows and Ubuntu, but not on OS X.
In my opinion it's still better designed and more productive than Windows Vista, any Linux DE, or even Mac OS X.
Windows 8 machines, and the cheaper OS X machines higher up the price ladder are way better at media production.
But OS X integration is not much better than running the Windows binary in Wine ... -  iolsmit Oct 4 '12 at 0:27
I think I only know because I read most of Mac OS X Tiger: The Missing Manual when I switched over from Windows.
The "System Type" of your copy of Windows needs to be 64-bit, because Mac OS X Lion is a 64-bit operating system.
I also think it's rather ignorant to say "os x is better than windows" because they're two different environments.
Many of us use Windows or OS X at home instead of Linux because the games we love just are not available on Linux.
OS X (and any other respectable OS, like Windows/Linux) know way better how to manage your RAM than this app does.
@Sam Brown: Next time you're buying a new machine, consider a Mac Pro because it can run Windows, Linux, and OS X.
By Matthew Broersma, Techworld Windows is more secure than you think, and Mac OS X is worse than you ever imagined.
In my opinion the oxygen icon theme is a lot better than Windows 7's icon theme and is on par with OS X icon theme.
Those guidelines that Winstripe follows are only followed because the OS X style and the Windows XP style coincided.
Preview (OS X), foxit (windows), and xpdf/kpdf/gpdf/ghostview/etc all view pdfs much better than Adobe's PDF viewer.
For instance C# is a much bigger success than Objective C because Windows XP is a much bigger success than Mac OS X.
for tips on how to write to Windows files from OS X and how to reprogram the Mac keyboard to work better in Windows.
I still prefer Linux because performance on it is amazing (same goes for Mac OS X), but use Windows out of necessity.
The freedom from virus scans and the shear speed of an os that actually works better than windows or os x in my mind.
"Easy access to NTFS drivers is more desirable than ever, because Boot Camp lets users dual-boot into OS X and Windows.
I have an easier time figuring things out on Windows or Linux than I do on OS X because I use them much more frequently.
x86 processors are usually used in desktop computers, running Windows or OS X, because they're faster and more powerful.
And, overall, there is more bang for the buck because many items are included with OS X that you don't get with Windows.
The GTK interface works on Windows or Mac OS X, but a native interface for these systems would give a better experience.
I take a lot of flack from some people for liking Linux and being curious about OS X, just because I don't like Windows.
OS X just isn't so much better than Windows that I would give up all the benefits of the X86/x64 platform just to run it.
This is good because RedHat and Fedora updates come out on a daily basis, not monthly or bi monthly like OS X or Windows.
This is an excelent reason to move over, I find latex support in windows to be abismal, and only slightly better in OS X.
I don't have anything against android, but its just like mac os x vs windows vs linux as in what I get along with better.
I replaced the Python 2.7.2 installation on the Windows VM with Python 2.6.7, because it hasn't shown the problem on OS X.
Setting a server up in Mac OS X is "more involved" than in Windows because an executable file has not been made available.
That's like spurning OS X solely because the min/max/close buttons are on a different side than Windows users are used to.
Observe that even though Mac OS X has a better image than Windows nobody calls iPhone OS X or even iPhone iOS in marketing.
Windows somehow dominates over Mac OS X, yet there is no argument that could be made that Windows is a better OS than OS X.
I use both Mac OS X 10.8.4 and Windows 7. People that claim one is infinitely superior to the other are kidding themselves.
I've been using OS X for about 9 months now and don't see what it does that is so much better than either Windows or Linux.
I didn't make much of it, because as an indie game developer it's easier to get noticed on Mac OS X or Linux than on Windows.
That's where menu inconsistencies occur, and you haven't really proved that menus are better organized in OS X versus Windows.
This is caused because OS X is saved in the SSD part of Fusion Drive and Windows is installer in the HDD part of Fusion Drive.
The dialog we just designed will look exactly the same on Linux, Windows, and Mac OS X because we stylized it so aggressively.
And because Apple hasn't allowed it access to key pathways in Mac OS X , Flash is much slower on the Mac than it is on Windows.
There are malware written for OS X but they never get very far because security is baked into the OS a lot better than Windows.
Usually when I see "Cannot resize..." it is because the Windows partition was too small, or they need more room for OS X files.
Storage issues aside, most experts believe that the plist method of OS X is superior to the configuration mechanism of Windows.
The trackpad in my opinion is pretty bad, but it's better in OS X than in Windows or Linux due to the community drivers for it.
Operating Systems like Linux discriminate against women because of a built in difficulty compared with Windows and Apple's OS X.
I now notice things about Windows that would have never bothered me before, because OS X is just so perfect compared to Windows.
Despite the rise of the Macintosh virus, the situation is still dramatically better for OS X users than it is for Windows users.
Visions of "Mac OS X for Intel" making major inroads against Windows simply because it's a better operating system are fantasies.
Does this mean that Linux users will now be in a better position to video chat/conference with their Windows/OS X using friends ?
You Windows guys should try OS X. You'll be left longing for it and having distaste for Windows because it gets in your way DAILY.
On a side note, I can take or leave Windows and OS X on the desktop, I'm happy with both, but OS X on laptops is totally superior.
We suspect that Safari 4 does better under OS X, however, so the poor Windows result probably won't matter to most Safari users.'"
Also, the DNS Service plug-in part that offers Bonjour network discovery now purportedly works much better on Mac OS X and Windows.
Vista did okay right away because the Windows/Microsoft fanatics bought it, just like the Mac OS X/Apple fanatics do with Mac OS X.
(I'll add that Firefox, in my opinion, works better, or at least fits in better, on Windows and on Linux than it does on Mac OS X.)
This is similar to the argument that Windows is more secure than OS X because it's been attacked more and is now far more hardened.
Going to work on OS X and coming home to WinNT made coming home feel better, because until Vista, I could still have all my windows.
FYI I use a Macbook Pro running windows in a VM because I do actually prefer OS X and pretty much always have, though Win 7 was nice.
ha) and windows vista on my macbook pro (along side of os x of course)... because i do a lot of autocad/solidworks stuff on the side.
So indeed, Linux should try to follow their lead, since their audio experience is much better than what Linux, OS X and Windows have.
There's no way I will be designing OS X style (or the over-abused word 'Aqua') icons for Windows because that is NOT their main style.
OS X is superior Windows XP so why not make it available for all PC's?? Sure you might lose some of your hardware market share, right?
You know, it's almost as if Apple deliberately makes shitty drivers, in a desperate attempt to prove that OS X is better than Windows.
I don't know if this is what you mean, but OS X Panther's new Finder windows threw me off at first because of the sidebar on the left.
Lastly... it might be an Internet Explorer/Windows thing because everything look just fine on my end and I'm using Mac OS X and Safari.
OS X is a little fiddlier, and Windows fiddlier still (because each window has its own associated keycap), but it's nothing outrageous.
Open GL) on those platforms, AND because you don't have the same amount of options (titles) on OS X as you do with consoles or Windows.
So take your Mac fanboi I'm so superior attitude elsewhere (even if you are technically right on Mac OS X - It IS better than Windows).
Windows XP, Windows Vista, Mac OS X, a linux distro (probably not, because I doubt you would be asking for specs in this case), etc...?
One of the main reasons I now run a Mac and OS X was because I got tired of dealing with all the problems involved with running Windows.
Most people who are serious about intermingling OS X and Windows will be much better off with one of these packages than with Boot Camp.
Life is still much better for a developer on Windows than on Mac OS X - no matter what one might think of the usability, etc. of Windows.
Even better, Thunderbird 3 is compatible with the search engines of both Windows and Mac OS X and you can use those to search your mailbox.
These sources do not work well for Windows or Mac OS X, because those platforms need packages that supply pre-built, third-party libraries.
Speed is excellent and rendering is better than I had expected, though the improvements are of a lesser degree on Windows than on Mac OS X.
All of it basically boils down to much better software (Windows 8, Mac OS X Mountain Loin) and hardware being released in the coming months.
I ended up turning off the "Use OS Look and Feel" option because I'd rather use a decent Windows style app (on the Mac) than a bad OS X app.
Certain aspects of Apple's Mac OS X are "complete and utter crap" and "worse than Windows", according to Linux kernel creator Linus Torvalds.
Some solutions offer WebDAV access, which is nice because both Windows and OS X can mount WebDAV volumes on the desktop just like other disks.
That's because Windows or Mac OS X will require you to run out and spend $$$$ on the latest version of the OS, or buy a freaking new computer.
Could it handle a dual boot with Windows and OS X? Today would you still recommend the E7500 or better options are still in the $150-200 range?
That's because OS X has always bundled up applications into one folder, instead of scattering their files all over the place like windows does.
Either way its still a win for Apple because they still get to sell their Macs even if it is running Windows, preinstalled with OS X of course.
Over the last few years, Microsoft has co-opted many of the better innovations of Apple's Mac OS X, making Windows 7 the most Mac-like Windows yet.
It is just astounding that anyone uses Windows machines at all anymore, given that both OS X and Linux are of such overwhelmingly superior quality.
The situation was different on Mac OS X, because while for Windows, the patches came from Oracle, on Mac OS X, the patches were delivered by Apple.
I suspect this is due to better support for Roaming Profiles in our environment for Windows, so I'm trying to improve that a bit for the OS X user.
Ubuntu provides a desktop environment that I find to be superior to that of Windows of OS X - although there's still plenty of room for improvement.
So an NTSF-formatted hard drive, for instance, will have read-only privileges in Windows, because that's all that Mac OS X can do with NTSF drives.)
The cost of Windows or OS X is trivial for users because they basically come with the computer (depending on whether you go PC or Apple, of course).
About a third thought Windows 7 was better than Mac OS X 10.6, a third thought the two were neck-and-neck, and a third gave the nod to Snow Leopard.
So you don't like an application, Launchpad, that is bundled with OS X. that's like saying Windows 7 sucks because Windows Media Player is pointless.
Racer is not anywhere near as advanced as LFS.. Mostly because Racer and all of it's ports (windows, Linux and Mac OS X) are being made by one person.
While GNOME is superior on a lot of things over Windows & Mac OS X, it still has a long road to walk till it really becomes a "paid-for" like desktop.
But then we'll need better security in Linux and OS X (both of which are apparently already far more secure than Windows, but do have vulnerabilities).
That's why I agree that Windows 8 may actually push people towards the Mac, because ironically, OS X will be more familiar to Windows users than Metro.
This is especially true if you are installing the system yourself because I believe that most Linux distros are easier to install than OS X or Windows.
So i thought this was probably because the USB is connected by software (its connected to a Windows machine and simulated trough Virtualbox onto OS X).
OS X is actually very simple to use, the only reason it'll take somebody a while to learn it is because everyone will try to do things the Windows way.
If you want the flexibility to share displays with Mac OS X and Windows PCs and don't mind a little performance hit, iDisplay may be the better choice.
Windows 7 and Mac OS X both provide tangibly better solutions for enabling management of applications with multiple windows from their respective docks.
A computer works because it is compiled with various components, such as software programmed to show a windows (or a Mac OS X) desktop with flashy icons.
Every theme here is either jarring because it's got both light and dark areas on the window chrome, or is a clearly uninspired ripoff of OS X or Windows.
I would argue however that Linux is better positioned to win the enterprise business away from Windows than Mac OS X, because this is all about business.
(This call is not required on Mac OS X because, on Mac OS X, the root control will be created automatically for windows which have at least one control.)
I'm only guessing this because I was bitching to a coworker yesterday that this is a feature that Windows and Mac OS X should have had from the beginning.
As for the switch to Windows, many media professionals prefer OS X because the tools are (in their opinion) better / more productive in OS X than Windows.
You can buy much cheaper laptops, but I personally do not think you can get a better machine and it runs OS X, (with Windows and Linux on virtualisation).
Xpress DV ships with both the OS X and the Windows XP software, although you can run only one version at a time because the program requires a USB dongle.
Linux is well-known for its superior security compared with Windows and Mac OS X, and many of those advantages carry over onto Android--and the Galaxy Tab.
They love OS X because it's nice and shiny and 'just works' and hate Windows because it's far from shiny and is still fraught with problems left and right.
The flaw is a lack of scaling, something Mac OS X wasn't immune to when Apple launched Retina Display MacBook Pros but it still works better than Windows 8.
Apple is trying to keep a disciplined approach toward it's computing environments because it doesn't want the same chaos in the OS X arena that windows has.
Thankfully OS X is a security beast when compared to Windows and offers users much better protection from common infections than most PC users are afforded.
Charles, are you saying that because Windows and Linux allow Netbeans to work one way, and OS-X does it differently, one can say OS-X is worse than Windows?
I'm focusing in Linux distros rather than Mac OS X or other BSD/Unix distros because the Linux world has the greatest number of POS alternatives to Windows.
Mac OS X is quite a bit better than that.... It's Unix, after all, and the number of patches per year that OS X needs is about a tenth of what Windows needs.
Mac OS X still remains safer than Windows because its relatively small installed base is a less attractive target for malicious hackers than Windows systems.
I do think the card is capable of full duplex, because I can both play and record at the same time, not only in Windows but also when using Audacity in OS X.
This is really handy if you have a ton of windows open and you want to clear Spaces up a bit to better combine or organize your virtual desktops in Mac OS X.
A Mac running Windows uses more power than a Mac running Mac OS X because Apple has not provided optimized drivers for Windows like PC OEMs do for their PCs.
People buy Macs simply because they are stylish--so buying one and putting Windows on it or putting OS X on a PC is utterly defeats the purpose of the OS-es.
With Windows your required to re-install every 12 months or so because it gets so bogged down and slow; but on OS X you just don't do that, you don't need to.
The new version of Windows Home Server provides more robust storage management and better backup options, including the ability to back up Mac OS X computers.
I don't want to indicate that whatever the majority says is always correct - the majority of people think any version of Windows is better than OS X or Linux.
I'd suggest you'd be better off keeping a clone of your windows installation and a separate clone/or TM backup of your OS X installation (on a separate disk).
If you've not had the chance to play our delightful, Zen-like re-genesis of the god game on Windows PC or Mac OS X, there's never been a better time to do so!
like i said i use linux and have worked on HPC installations and have used the ubiquitous windows, but i will not shy away from the fact that OS X is superior.
What Apple is betting on is that the user experience on Mac OS X is enough better that, when users get to try OSX and Windows side-by-side, they'll prefer OSX.
From my point of view, buying a Macbook and installing Windows and then slowly progressing into OS X is a better solution than buying a lesser Windows machine.
It's not possible to position the Chrome OS against other OSes like the forthcoming Windows 8 or Mac OS X because "it remains a crippled product," Enderle said.
If this news sounds familiar, it's because last month, rival measurement firm NetMarketShare found that Windows 8 market share had cruised past OS X in August .
And then, to fully emulate the Mac netbook experience - because I'm not interested in a tiny laptop if it's running Windows - I installed Mac OS X on the thing.
And because OS X (and later iOS) were not as ubiquitous as something like Windows, there was a large barrier to entry in people buying their first Apple product.
And, with Google Chromebooks getting better with each release, Android users may opt for the Chrome OS instead of Windows or OS X machines which are more costly.
GDS was an amazing productivity tool and will be sorely missed; it was and still is so much better than the native search faculties available on Windows and OS X.
I have a MacBook Air because it is a better computer even with less 'specs', but the difference between Android and iOS isn't as large as Windows to Mac OS X now.
If you want something with bells and whistles that locks you into a vendors idea of what your laptop should do (i.e. a Windows thats better than Windows) use OS X.
I wouldn't say OS X is better than Windows 7 (I prefer OS X but that's because I'm UNIX biased), but it's obvious that Windows 7 has a lot more effort put into it.
Windows 7 is arguably better than Apple OS X and people like it, now they are going to be faced with a new UI and years of Microsoft fiddling about to get it right.
I think the browsers are calling an OS routine to do the scaling and Mac OS X just has better scaling routines than Windows/Linux (although I have not tried Vista).
It'd be better if OS X just automatically resized your windows depending on which display you're using, but BetterSnapTool is about as close as you can get to that.
Support seems somewhat better in Windows (though it seems bizarre; Windows apparently sees Thunderbolt for what it is, a transparent PCIe bridge, Mac OS X doesn't).
The BIOS options are enabled by default on Macs because of the prevalence of Windows/OS X dual-boot configurations, which more-or-less require BIOS support on Macs.
You get to dual-boot Mac OS X, the superior #1 operating system, and Windows, the OS people use to play The Sims. "You actually receive "joy" from using OS 10? Wow.
Windows user wanting to make the switch Using os x mail is a much better choice due to superior junk mail handling and the integration of all i apps with each other.
If you can bypass ASLR in Windows as was done, it doesn't seem as though full ASLR (as Windows advocates say) is much better than the partial ASLR that Mac OS X has.
Performance in Mac OS X should be similar to Windows, but certain parts of OpenGL have been shown to be faster than Direct3D so you may see a bit better performance.
In a back-to-front way of making Mac fans feel better, I'll start bymaking everyone feel slightly worse, taking a small potshot at Windows, OS X and Linux fans alike.
Anyway, I'll just hold the Option key (I always did that to choose Mac OS X instead of Windows because Windows was the primary start up disk) and choose Mac OS X DVD.
The ODAC is USB Audio Class 1 (UAC1) compliant because it's the only standard that allows native 24/96 support in Windows, OS X and Linux without any special drivers.
For the longest time my wife and I had the debate of Mac OS X vs. Windows, a debate that never really went anywhere because to her it don't matter as long as it works.
Also, because of the availability of the game, to be played on Windows , Mac OS X, Android, iOS or Linux makes it a great choice for those who want a fun game to play.
Mint is also a good candidate because its default configuration could be said to be more like Windows than other desktops, giving any OS X-like additions great impact.
I have to run the Windows version of Ventrilo client because the Ventrilo server I'm using is set to use the GSM codec, which the OS X Ventrilo client doesn't support.
Apple customers pay this premium because they think the melding of great hardware with Apple's solid software (OS X and iLife) is worth it over a Windows-based machine.
The answer is no, Mac OS X does not rebroadcast recently-connected infrastructure networks in ad-hoc mode; Windows XP does it because of a misimplementation of RFC 3927.
Could it be to help Intel make a processor better suited to OS X, or to design a coprocessor that differentiates the Mac sufficiently to make it outrun Windows computers?
re: OS/X stud (7:26am EST Thu Jan 06 2005) don't you mean if windows lose 2% marketshare to Apple... because If apple gains 2% of its marketshare... that's like 3 people.
Come on now, just because hardcore gaming is my predominant on the Windows platform, doesn't mean you should exclude other mobile platforms such as OS X or Android/Chrome.
It's quite complicated but it does generally work better than the Windows way of doing this as you will notice the lack of attacks compromising UNIX systems like Mac OS X.
If you have an existing codebase that runs on OS X and Windows, the odds are that you are using Carbon a lot more than Cocoa, so WineLib would probably be a better choice.
What Daniel does here, and hopefully from time to time I do on my blog, is show people what is better in OS X and why compared to primarily Windows since it has the market.
while roughly 100 vulnerabilities have been revealed in Mac OS X this year, this is still dwarfed by those in Windows, mainly because of Apple's automatic updating software
I really hate small characters looking purple and green on Windows, much more than a little fuzziness on OS X. Adobe Flash has even worse sub-pixel rendering then cleartype.
the distrogue: Windows and OS X aren't perfect (or BSD or Haiku or whatever), but there are distributions that would be better suited to a complete Linux newbie than Ubuntu.
It is quite possible that even if a Mac OS X system were also tested, that the Windows system would score higher, despite Mac OS X having better usability, strictly speaking.
The reason is simple: they would never promote the idea of OS X on generic Intel computers because it would drastically diminish Windows presence on those very same machines!
FireFox is less "OS-X-y" (James Duncan Davidson won't run it because it feels like a Windows program to him ... and it sure could use a few more glowing curvy glass buttons!).
Although this makes it look far better than Mac OS X and even Windows XP , some users find it hard to distinguish between their applications when they all have the same title.
"and the fact that they yielded to these requests is interesting because they've emphasized the OS X and Windows experiences as being completely separate for quite some time."
Office on OS X is far better then the one on Windows (many a times office has crashed on Win than on Mac(never) .. and Entourage is quite "beautiful" and useful to work with).
From my observation, Linux and OS X sys admins generally do a better job at managing Windows servers and AD domains than most freshly or not-so-fresh minted Windows sys admins.
I don't think anyone has claimed OS X was technically superior to Windows and Linux for many years - it's been refuted too thoroughly for anyone to take such a claim seriously.
Of course, after making the switch, many Windows users end up finding suitable--or superior--OS X replacements for their favorite software, and become full-time Mac OS X users.
The standards-compliant Safari on Mac OS X and Firefox on numerous platforms often work better with these sites than does Microsoft Corp.'s (MSFT) Internet Explorer on Windows.
Mac OS X, for example, is not in the same market as Windows because Apple does not sell it to computer manufacturers, like Sony or Dell who are the main customers for Microsoft.
Make sure to select the correct operating system from the download page because the application is available in 3 different versions, for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.
It should be noted that people use Linux primarily because it's cheap or free and runs on all sorts of hardware architectures - neither can be said of either Windows or Mac OS X.
Unfortunately targeting either under the campaign is pointless.. people, in general, don't love OS X because it's closed-up any more than they hate Windows because it's closed-up.
And by the way, included software and protection from virus attacks are crucial and those features alone make Snow Leopard (and all versions of OS X) vastly superior to Windows 7.
The fact is that DOSBox is so well written is that it runs WordPerfect under 64-bit Windows or OS X far better than anything else does, and that's why I'm asking for help with it.
Not knowing what you mean by "limited features", I can't address that, but having used iTunes on both Windows and OS X, I can say that OS X is the better environment to run it in.
Installing OS X with Virtualbox on Windows is more difficult than doing it with VMWare Fusion in OS X, because Windows virtualization programs do not "officially" support Mac OS X.
This could be because OS X is a more secure system, or simply because there are so few Macs in relation to Windows PCs that malicious programmers don't bother targeting the Mac OS.
It, in fact, discourages developers from learning the OS X toolkits because for games because they can just write one Windows version and slap Cider on it and sell it for OS X too.
I'm focusing on hybrid rather than WebOS-only PCs because I can't imagine HP giving up its Windows PC business, any more than Apple is giving up its Mac OS X business as iOS soars.
The attached USB cable simply plugs in to any available USB socket onyour computer and because the keyboard is Class compliant, installation is automatic in Windows XP and Mac OS X.
As an OS X user I hav tied running X windows as an alternative to the normal cocoa environment but have turneed an run simply because it seems so archaic next to what i normally use.
I have a super-computer so there's no-one who can say it was because of my configuration... MAC OS X is wonderful... Windows XP is... so-so... Windows Vista is a little bit better...
does work on my iMac (in Windows 7 64; OS X untested thus far) that has upgraded to FF 18. Again, though, not a satisfactory answer or solution because it is not my primary computer.
There are some tests that are skipped in test_xmlrpc because of (apparent) Windows socket quirks; should they also be skipped for OS X PPC, or should the flaky tests just be scrapped?
For the laptop, there were a couple tweaks I had to do so it would support solid state disks better, but otherwise it works just as well as Mac OS X or Windows would, and even better!
You can write an application quickly (because it's also visual interface builder) and create fully native, compiled applications for Windows 98-XP, Linux, Mac OS X and Classic Mac OS.
Of course, some of the slow performance might be because the iMac is optimized for OS X instead of the Windows Vista operating system we needed to install to run the benchmark program.
The advantages of OS X Server are completely seperate from that of an Xserve and what it can do better/worse than Windows Server 200x entirely depends on what you want the server to do.
I've mostly used the blu ray drive under windows 7 because of the lack of software support under os x, but I have downloaded the trial version of the playback software from the article.
Well that's for Windows because the way it writes files it breaks them all up, OS X doesn't do that on small files, so it eliminates the need for MOST users to require a regular defrag.
Leading security expert Dino Dai Zovi is telling Mac fans the news they don't want to hear - that Windows Vista is better than the current version of Mac OS X from a security standpoint.
We've seen in the past that OS X gets substantially better battery life with MacBooks than Windows, but we're at least able to run the same workloads so the tests are more or less "fair".
One could argue that Windows is even worse in this regard because it zoom to fullscreen with maximize but this is only a very weak consolation and I'm talking about OS X only here anyway.
I do need Windows for my applications because I only changed to OS X very recently (luckily, in October, Cider is scheduled to be out, lowering the barriers between Windows games and OS X)
Pro tip: as with any time you're looking at photos, it works better if you've put your browser into full-screen mode, usually by typing ctrl-shift-F on Windows and cmd-shift-F on Mac OS X.
Many Mac users wind up installing Windows into BootCamp because of the lack of software for OS X, plus they need to hone their Windows skills to get a job as 99% of businesses use Windows.
The advantage over Windows and OS X is that Linux (name your favorite distro) is free and that forums such as this one do a fine job--even a better job than corporate customer service reps.
Rather, Apple hopes that upwardly mobile PC owners will load Windows on its classier hardware, then eventually switch to OS X rather than hurt their eyes staring at Microsoft's inferior OS.
Using the full program on OS X is indeed infinitely better than the free trial version run on the Basilisk II emulator, but I can honestly say the same about running it natively on Windows!
These features are essential for large scale transaction processing and make Mac OS X 10.3 Server "a superior alternative to the Microsoft Windows OS" in enterprise applications, Salas said.
While this kind of thing is typical in third-party Windows applications (probably because the Windows user interface is so lacking and prime for improvement), on Mac OS X, it's an impediment.
The release features a number of new features, including "true support" for multiple monitors and improved 3D graphics, and better integration of the Windows apps with the Mac OS X interface.
But I always end up coming back to OS X because I like things to just work and I find OS X far, far more intuitive than any version of Windows I've encountered - and I've encountered them all.
The UI is plain and simple, probably because this is a multi-platform application (Windows, Linux, and Solaris in addition to Mac OS X) that shares a lot of code between the different flavors.
Apple controls iPhone app development -- largely because it can , don't get me wrong -- but Mac OS X is as open to third party software development as Windows, Linux, or any other form of Unix.
To entirely switch platforms whether it is Windows/OS X/PS3/360/Android/iPhone/Windows Phone 7 has cost involved because they all hook the customer in with purchases made for that one platform.
If you really need the superior quality-per-bit, and you don't want to rely on your customers having a certain codec installed -- might fly for OS X, certainly won't for Windows -- you license.
My company's software can't be installed on Windows nor OS X because of this one and it's... well, quite problematic , as our customers require the Windows version (and most probably OS X too).
Why should Windows keep such a firm grip on everyone, just because some proprietary software is not available on OS X? I can understand completely why some people would like to take this option.
"Microsoft needs to price Windows in a way that looks smart versus Apple's OS X, doesn't leave money on the table with commercial PC customers, and enables OEMs to compete better with the iPad."
Once you dig into Mac OS X, you will find it so much better, in so many small but significant ways (and some big ones too) that you will find yourself be really annoyed by Windows' shortcomings.
Despite the extra work required to set up properly, I like Linux due to its superior configurability (way cooler than Mac or Windows) and have made it play nice with my networked Mac OS X minis.
Mac OS X has no value for these people-it has negative value, since they have to run Boot Camp and install Windows themselves-but they will tolerate that because the hardware makes it worthwhile.
Thanks Si for this belated release news on TrueCrypt, a week old but better late than never eh? TrueCrypt is a free open-source disk encryption software for Windows Vista/XP, Mac OS X, and Linux.
Perhaps due to their high market penetration, or maybe because of poor coding, Adobe Flash [2] and Java have emerged as the two most widely attacked platforms on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux alike.
The new operating system also features improvements under the hood designed to bolster its Unix underpinnings and to allow Mac OS X systems to fit in better on Windows-dominated corporate networks.
Other features appearing in the Aurora release of Firefox 22 include better display scaling options on Windows, download progress in the Mac OS X dock and adjustable playback rates for HTML5 video.
If you want to test how it is to use Mac before upgrading to original Mac OS X I wouldn't recommend this theme because it still has Windows functionality and you will not get the full Mac experience.
I don't think that OS x has locked the minds and the thinking, it realy does the opposite, it unlocks, it opens the eyes and shows the world that there is something better than Windows and Microsoft.
On Mac OS X, the " Character Palette " provides similar (but superior) functionality to Character Map on Windows, and will allow Venda characters to be easily located and entered into any application.
As for my gaming rig not working if I had really cared I would have bought the better video card my only real use for the computer was gaming in Windows getting OS X functional was a passing interest.
files (divx or xvid) in Windows (95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista), Linux/BSD/UNIX or OS X. BananaSplitter works across all these platforms because it's written in Java, so you will need to have Java installed.
Other changes include compatibility updates for Mac OS X server guests, improved SATA performance, better command line parsing of the installer on Windows systems and fixes for several VirtualBox 3.2.0
A craptacular Mac Mini the bastard child of Steve Jobs and Jeff Goldblum that runs windows better than OS X, which now runs the Digg swarm screensaver and plays movies/makes invoices when I sell things.
os X with bad drivers will simply sucks, as windows, maybe worse (you cannot write a good os x drivers simply because you know how to write good windows drivers, you need to learn, it's time consuming).
The new release features more convenient and precise placement of windows, moving of open windows between monitors, Mac OS X-style task switching and other functions for better comfort in everyday work.
How to customize the MathematicaClosingDialog.nb? @m_goldberg I do not think this dialog exists under OS X, because it depends on the fact that under Windows MMA 10 has a menu bar in each notebook window.
OS X is a much much better OS than any windows os but apple hardware is over priced that's why I have a hackintosh for my main setup that way my video card, CPU and all that stuff is affordable to upgrade.
no mention of Windows 7? which is of course the 2nd of version of Vista, the one that "doesn't suck" because it is an even more obvious knock-off of the OS X UI ... would have fit the theme of the article.
Mr. Mossberg wrote Mac OS X is "packed" with extras Windows lacks, with multimedia programs "that canit be matched on Windows at any price", and has a "better free browser and e-mail program than Windows."
I always use the default Documents/Music/Pictures folders on OS X but over the years I have avoided using the Windows equivilent because I knew it would shift and I'd have to learn the new placement again.
Those 50+ Windows-based video games won't go to waste because the new iMacs have Intel-based processors, allowing the intrepid user to run both Apple OS X and Windows XP, which we already have on the Dell.
That said, when I worked at the AppleCentre, I had one chap come in one day who had tried and tried with Mac OS X and had no joy as he explained to me how and why he found Windows suited him so much better.
We'll only know if Sugar succeeds when it's in the hands of a lot of kids, but the idea that the Windows and OS-X UIs are just great, and why would anyone think there could be anything better is ridiculous!
If you're wondering at the shorthand 'g' rather than 'git' it's because I use oh-my-zsh with the git plugin (the dev VM I use at work runs Ubuntu and it also plays nice with OS X. Windows users can suck it).
The problems with Windows Vista and the extended life of Windows XP proved an opportunity for Apple, which was able to offer a better user experience and fewer security headaches with the Unix-like Mac OS X.
I thought the triple-boot install order was 1. os x 2. linux 3. windows I know it must work because I just installed ubuntu netbook edition with grub on the /boot partition, and I could boot it in chameleon.
I just spent the better part of the afternoon trying to get a Windows 2000 client to connect to a fresh OS X Server 10.1 install and wanted to pass on these observations and maybe save others some headaches:
I really wish they would have gone for something that fits better with Windows 8, the old theme was acceptable on 7 but atrocious with 8. (Meanwhile, Firefox fits in pretty well on OS X from what I've seen.)
Wrong, because once you create a patch, you can do anything to the machine, even registry settings, turning on or off of services, even converting a DOS or OS X into Windows 7 is possible with a single patch.
Even better, libfreespace devices shouldn't suffer the "partial support" problem so many of us have encountered - the library includes support for "Linux, Mac OS X, Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7.0."
We use OpenVPN for connections with Windows, Mac OS X, and other Linux systems, but there don't appear to be any OpenVPN clients for iPhones (presumably because there are no tun/tap interfaces available yet).
While Mac OS X has the advantage of having a port of Microsoft Office (and a better one than the Windows version IMO), it also has the advantage of having access to the wonderful world of open source software.
The whole idea that a desktop os should move towards smart devices is based on nothing (his examples of windows, os x, palm etc. are only refered to because he wants to make a point, not because they are true.)
We still have a bunch of Windows build servers because our build targets for most of our projects require it, but apart from a few in-house-built high performance NAS systems, all of our Unix boxes now run OS X.
As for another poster's question as to why I wouldn't want OS9; it's simply because OS X will do everything I did with Windows XP and I'd prefer not to waste my limited hard drive space on something I won't use.
I think it is interesting that in several usability aspects, Linux distributions are already far ahead Windows, comparable or even better than OS X. Mainly hardware and software installation, system transparency.
When my phone started ringing right next to me on my desk, I felt it rather than heard over a firefight in Mass Effect 3. - it works in Linux (I presume it works on Windows and OS X, because it say so on the box).
What I'm trying to say is this: sure, Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux users can chest thump over who has the best method of program management, but it's all for nought: none of those methods will get better this way.
New modern theming engine: New and complementary widgets that make use of platform-specific theming on Mac OS X and Windows to better fit in with those environments, and feature an improved look and feel under X11.
There is very far less assistive technology software available for Mac OS X than for Windows, partly because far fewer people use Mac computers and partly because the built-in accessibility meets more people's needs.
I think Boot Camp is a better choice than either of the methods available for running Windows 7 under Mac OS X. Windows in Boot Camp runs at least as well as on a dedicated PC (Actually, that is what you are doing.).
OS-X has almost eliminated all of its' 32 bit code, so it has problems now with older 32 bit apps., but will be faster and better than Windows for NOW, once the programs catch up and they release real 64 bit programs.
com/en/ download/) brought out a beta of its Workstation, which runs Windows inside Mac OS X. Expect to hear, through the wailing and gnashing of teeth, Mac people repeating Apple's assertion about 'superior hardware'.
In practice, the user experience is similar to running PC emulation software in that Windows runs side-by-side with Mac OS X, but because of Parallels' technology and the Mac's Intel underpinnings, it's much, much faster.
Second, I'm pretty sure that while Apple would prefer you run OS X on your Mac, they don't really care that much if you run Windows on it instead, because they get paid for the hardware, while they give away OS X for free.
D.Lee Beard starts a new series comparing Mac OS X.6 Snow Leopard to Windows 7. In this episode, he shows how to change file icons and the compares the ease of changing file icons in each operating system.Which is better???
However, there is a cost savings long-term because they won't have to spend additional money fighting viruses; replacing faulty boards and monitors and the OS X operating system is more robust than Windows or other systems.
I don't believe price can be an order of magnitude better (at least while Mac OS X is a differentiator for a slim line of hardware platforms, and while the effective cost of MS Windows is effectively zero for bundled deals).
They say the use OS X because of its flexibility (it can run software made for Mac, Unix, and Windows operating systems), the option of using the GUI or the command line (Terminal), and because they are secure out of the box.
for the opengl part, well, opengl performance on os x has always sucked and nvidias opengl drivers on windows/linux/... are far superior (including shader compiler optimizations at which apple should actually be good at ...).
They're going to buy a Mac because they've always wanted to try OS X, but they have a few stubborn applications that they need to run on Windows, and until now couldn't justify the risk of switching and losing access to them.
Try Linux, Solaris, Mac Os X and gain more knowledge on those things gradually...Windows survives because of Games only.They created a impression that its the user-friendly os... Mac is much more user friendly than Windows :).
Lexia Reading 7.1 is available for Mac OS X 10.4 or higher and Windows XP (SP3), Vista, and Windows 7. It requires 256 MB RAM, 500 MB hard disk space, 32 MB accelerated video graphics card or better, and a headset or speakers.
Improved ease of use through: better password management, easier add-on installation, new download manager with resumable downloading, full page zoom, animated tab strip, and better integration with Windows Vista and Mac OS X.
Other enhancements include a re-worked user interface which now fits in better with the host operating system/ For instance the OS X release now actually looks like an OS X application rather than a copy of the Windows version.
Pranay Kapadia, group product manager of QuickBooks for Mac and Mobile, explained that the financial application is different on Mac OS X than it is on Windows because the average customer for each product is different as well.
"I found that because of the high volume of malware directed to Windows environments [in general] and the significantly lower stream of malware targeted to OS X, they [OS X administrators] had an easier time detecting malware."
write better page ;) fix bugs above, if possible support Drag-and-Drop for Mac OS X edition support wildcard characters on Windows Explorer edition create filter-style program for UNIX user open the source with BSD style licence
- Improved ease of use through: better password management, easier add-on installation, new download manager with resumable downloading, full page zoom, animated tab strip, and better integration with Windows Vista and Mac OS X.
PDFKey Pro 4.3 offers improved support for files with digital signatures, better compatibility with partially corrupted files, enhanced Mac OS X and Windows integration, and simplified usage of the integrated command line tools.
I have been searching for a cross platform GUI application development framework (Same code for building Linux, Android, Windows apps and OS X) and I found Qt is best for that (Inspired because VLC media player is build with Qt).
making apps for iOS over Android because its easier I dont think I agree with, compare this to desktop computers, there are less models available running OS X compared to machines with Windows, yet windows gets more apps available
I've used Windows for over a decade longer than I've used OS X (got my first Mac for Final Cut Pro back in 2002), I know both operating systems backwards and forwards, and I believe that OS X has a much better UI for multitasking.
i saw this tutorial but some parts i have a question about.... (obviously because i am a newb :S ) i know this is probably a dumb question but, when i install mac os x it will replace my windows bootloader with the mac one correct?
The platform adds a much-needed 800MHz system bus (up from 667MHz), the option of caching system information on flash memory, and better integrated graphics with hardware support for the shaders used by both OS X and Windows Vista.
Windows makes it look similar to mac osx because thats what people one, the majority of the population see mac os x as the "best" so why would microsfot want to make their product look totaly different when its not what people want.
Given that all of the three major desktop/server OSes (Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux) use a page file or swap area to do much the same thing, you'd better get on the horn with all of those developers and tell them how wrong they are.
Rockwell Collins relies on ActiveState's ActiveTcl language distribution because it is a complete, ready‐to‐install commercial grade distribution that works cross‐platform with Windows, Linux and Mac OS X plus Solaris, AIX and HP‐UX.
Adobe's upcoming Flash Player 10.1 only provides hardware acceleration to Windows-based computers because Mac OS X " does not expose access to the required APIs " and Linux lacks a "developed standard API" for H.264 hardware decoding.
On a case insensitive file system (such as the standard file systems for Mac OS X and Windows), the SCM gets seriously confused because it is made to believe there are to files but the file system can only store one of them at a time.
While a dedicated app would be great, using a Remote Desktop Connection is way better (faster) than rebooting OS X into Boot Camp or using VMWare Fusion or Parallels to run Windows and then launching the Windows Home Server Dashboard.
You also have to factor in the impact of the OS; for example, Safari for Windows and Safari for Mac OS X have different bugs, so just because something works properly on one doesn't mean it will work without modification on the other.
I've never mentioned RealPlayer here although it is a well-known freeware because of the numerous negative experiences I've had with it crashing and then being difficult to remove from a Windows system (never installed it on Mac OS X).
Photoshop CS4 Extended Developer: Adobe ( product page ) OS support: Mac OS X 10.4.11 or better, Windows XP SP2, Windows Vista SP1 (Vista required for 64-bit support) Price: $999 for full version, $349 for upgrade ( shop for this title )
You may or may not be able to port a CHICKEN program to another Scheme, but you can port it from Windows to Mac OS X or Linux, or from the 32-bit Intel 386 to the 64-bit SPARC architecture, because CHICKEN runs in all those environments.
Window management, in terms of on-screen placement, is one of the Mac's weakest areas, and while OS X Lion's full-screen mode will be fine for focussing on a single task, Windows 7 does a lot better when it comes to multiple applications.
Why woukld you buy dozens or hundreds of Windows PCs and Windows O/S if the entire district is operating on MAC OS X? There's probably not many teachers with much experience on the Microsoft stuff, because Apple owns the education market.
And I am anticipating a screw up because I do not have my Mac OS X Lion installer with me (Laptop is company issued), I heard you can install bootcamp/windows 7 without the Mac OS X installer DVD by downloading Apple's drivers on the web.
Even though it is web-based, the remote access interface requires Windows Explorer 6 or better, which is not supported on Mac OS X. 4 While this is somewhat subjective, it indicates a general ability to access the functionality from a Mac.
It was much further advanced over Windows 3.1 (and Mac System 7) than Mac OS X is over Win XP today rather than being better at some things, it was clearly far and away a decade ahead of anything Microsoft was even announcing as vaporware.
"Since this software is available on UNIX (which Mac OS X is built on) and also on Windows (Intel hardware), is the Apple switch to Intel-based hardware going to better my chances for a MacOS CAD workstation, or will it remain a pipedream?"
And if they did employ the people, they'd still be stuck with closed proprietary code that cost them billions of dollars to write, that no one will buy because it serves no purpose that isn't already filled by either Windows, Linux or OS X.
If the whole point of the appeal of Mac OS X is that Mac software is better than Windows software - or at least better in the eyes of one segment of the market - what possible good would it do Apple to help that software run on Windows, too?
No actually I gave up with the windows version cause none of the buttons had writing on them unless I moved my mouse over them :S The os X version of 2.25 renders far better than the 2.23 version,but is just as slow... I've got a 1.2MB .blend
OS X did better on multimedia multitasking (and slightly better on boot time and shutdown time, though no one really cares that much about those), while Windows 7 unsurprisingly outdid Snow Leopard on 3D image rendering and gaming benchmarks.
It was likely chosen not only because of Unity's sophisticated 3D engine, but because a Unity web player plugin is available for all major browsers on Windows and Mac OS X, meaning the game doesn't have to go through a lengthy install process.
When I learned a few years ago that Mac OS X was essentially a distribution of Unix (and subsequently "defected" from the wretched world of Windows), I began the transition to needing to use different (and often superior) softwares for my work.
Music CDs were burned in Windows 7, Windows 8, and several incarnations of OS X with no issue, but oddly, iTunes performed slightly better in OS X Snow Leopard than in Lion or Mountain Lion, to the tune of seconds -- minor for sure, but notable.
The features that are key to me and implemented so much better in OS X are pretty basic, but very important: Multi-user support - It was tacked on in Windows, and due to their legacy support, is still not fully accepted and adhered to by developers.
This DJing application has been released for Windows , Mac OS X , iOS and Android , with some notable differences between the computer version and the one designed for mobile devices , not only because of the interface but the workflow and features.
This is simply because iPhone development requires a Mac running OS X and WP7 development requires a PC running Windows Vista or Windows 7. So, essentially, I have to buy another machine and/or another operating system if I want to do both," he says.
Of course, I don't know this - but I'd bet anything that the reason the OS X installer for Mozilla is 15mb compared to 9/10 for Windows/Linux is because OS X doesn't have the same concept of shared libs, so much more must be shipped with the product.
It is already a popular platform for building mobile apps because it can be distributed relatively easily across different platforms, including Apple's Mac OS X, iOS on iPads and iPhones, Google Android, RIM BlackBerry, Microsoft Windows and even TVs.
I'm a PC, only because a mac is a PC in the literal sense and I run os x, windows, linux, solaris, unix, etc.. My mac allows me to run all these operating systems because after all locking users ability to run multiple operating systems would be wrong.
There's instructions around here to turn on the built-in OS X VNC server (it's pretty straightforward), and a Windows VNC viewer (I linked to a Google search because I don't know a particular good viewer for Windows because I don't use VNC on Windows).
In the end, those were mistakes because within six months I was committed to the OS X platform 99.99% (I boot into Windows for two apps - ACDSee and MP3 Tag & Rename) and have since bought a MacBook Pro and am preparing to buy a Mac Pro as replacements.
Yes, because the PowerPC simply can't execute x86 code, the binary formats for windows and OS X are different even on the same architecture, and in the general case even the scripting architectures for the two operating systems are completely different.
In contrast, both Windows and OS X interpret a "hardwired" setting as "do nway, but refuse to negotiate anything but..." The result is almost always a duplex mismatch on the host end that is hard to diagnose because ifconfig says the card is set "right".
I've seen a few missing controller options, and pretty much every single one doesn't have surround sound support (but neither really does OS X, unless Apple stepped up with the MiniDP to HDMI option, I only have it in Windows because of my flashed 4890).
About Skype Skype, the Global Internet Communications Company(TM), allows people everywhere to make free, unlimited, superior quality voice calls via its award-winning innovative peer-to-peer software for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Pocket PC platforms.
No revenue whatsoever will be made from this and no losses will probably be felt for years, if the worst case scenario plays out of people seriously ditching Visual Studio and Windows for Xcode and Mac OS X because they want to develop iPhone applications.
Had Longhorn development gone better, Microsoft could have put up more of a fight against Apple's OS X. Windows XP may have been popular, but it was no question which operating system was more advanced when Windows XP was placed next to Apple's OS X Tiger.
And I don't mean to diminish anyone's accomplishments in the days before widespread live CDs; I just think it would a shame to scare away users who at least recognize that there are other, better choices for a desktop operating system than Windows or OS X.
Syncsort's Backup Express, which supports Unix, Linux, NetWare, Windows and Mac OS X host computers, offers not only integration with VMware's Consolidated Backup, but also a VMware Agent that the company claims is "superior" to VMware Consolidated Backup.
That said, SSDs that support the TRIM command and run under a TRIM-supported environment (Windows 7 and 8, OS X 10.6.8 or better, Linux 2.6.28 or better, plus a modern BIOS and drive controller that pass on the command) should wipe deleted data continually.
The profs use Macs so I'm pretty sure whatever we learnt can be done on a Mac just as well as a PC - only problem being that having a OS X or Unix is better than Windows because we had to use an emulation program and it doesn't always show the right results.
While it's true, that Windows has become an acceptable operating system of the last few years (and with the new features MS has stolen from OS X that will be included in Vista, I'm sure it will get better), it is still a third party OS on any machine it runs.
No only does everything appear brighter on PC monitors (because PC video cards have slightly different gamma standards), but the same content is rendered drastically different depending on whether you are using Quicktime for Windows or Quicktime for Mac OS X.
The iOS 7 theme for Windows 8 (and 7) is intended to emulate the look of Apple's mobile operating system, but because of the nature of Windows being a desktop-like environment (despite the recent touch-based support), it arguably appears more similar to OS X.
i forgot (11:10am EST Wed Jan 12 2005) Vegimon: "OS X doesn't have the spyware/adware/ virus problems of Windows" That's because the make no publicity out of it, they they start saying that they are web-safe, the whole hackercommunity will turn onto them, lol
If I read Apple's Software License Agreement correctly I am not violating it when I boot my iMac with Windows or Linux and use VMware Workstation to run MAC OS X as a virtual machine, because in this case I run only one copy on a single Apple-branded computer.
However, some of those who did try, and succeeded, expressed concerns that their machine might overheat, because (they suggested) Windows XP does not have the low-level hardware control programs used by Apple's OS X to turn the machine's cooling fans on and off.
I?m hung up on the question of how any OS that lets you do everything Windows does could compete with the iPad, because the iPad?s appeal and success is largely forged by the advantages that come from not allowing you to do so many of the things Mac OS X can do.
Regarding the concerns that adding a Windows API to Mac OS X would cause developers to stop writing for Mac OS X, I think this shows a certain lack of true belief that Mac OS X is truely a superior operating system that offers capabilties not available elsewhere.
Responding to a reader email about his impression of a MacBook Pro one year into use, Jason Cross says that there are plenty of things OS X does very well, and better than any version of Windows, but the thing he hates most about using a Mac are the "Apple fans."
Actually I use macs because I just like the OS X UI and such better, and OS X has Unix-like stuff under the hood that I already know how to use rather than Windows NT-based stuff that I don't know much about and don't like based on what little I do know about it.
We have recently made a number of extensions to the emulator, including loadable packet schedulers, support for better MAC layer modeling, the inclusion in PlanetLab, and development of Linux and Windows versions in addition to the native FreeBSD and Mac OS X ones.
I suppose a better way to rephrase that question, if I install Window's 7 on a partition that I created with bootcamp, I know that I'll be able to reboot and use the window's partition, but will I be able to be in Mac OS X and still access/run windows like a parallel?
It's a little odd that the video really says nothing about Windows, and is basically an add for "I like the look of the HP best among the computers I can afford," rather than "Windows machines are better than OS X machines," but that will be lost on the average viewer.
All 360Works plug-ins are designed to run on Mac OS X (PowerPC and Intel) as well as on Windows and there is never a charge for switching/cross-grading, because the 360Works plug-in package includes both Windows and Mac versions, and the same license keys work on both.
As for me, I am a Linux user and certainly I haven't switched from Windows to Linux because it's gratis (I could use gratis software on Windows or OS X as well), but because I care about using libre software or at least non-libre software that respects my digital rights.
A recent column by Robert Cringely points to the possibility of Mac systems running the most secure Windows Vista installations, while Microsoft engineers made statements suggesting that Vista will be superior to Mac OS X, causing current Mac users to abandon Apple's OS.
A distribution of Linux that is nevertheless free, and the best of both worlds running from Windows and OS X. Easy for basic tasks, but gets EXTREMELY difficult to master in terms of installing certain drivers, and because quite a bit of the OS has to be done by command line.
When I recently explained one of the many reasons why I prefer desktop Linux to Windows, even over my favorite desktop Windows, XP SP3, I got a lot of people telling me I was full of hooey because I barely even mentioned Mac OS X. Good enough, here's my take on Apple's Mac OS X.
Rob Pegoraro: A Mac would be well-suited for those uses--it's got better Internet software built-in than any Windows machine, and Microsoft Office for Mac OS X is very easy to switch to from Office for Windows (it's also much better than pre-2007 versions of Office for Windows).
"We believe AAPL will respond with Mac OS X Snow Leopard, its next-generation operating system with even better usability, 64-bit processing, better Intel INTC optimization, and better utilization of GPUs (graphics processing units), keeping it a step or two ahead of Windows 7."
give it a year or so and you'll see everything running a lot faster on OS X. it's like, if MS decided to port Windows to PowerPC platform. of course no applications would run at native speed from the beginning because they wouldn't be simply compiled for that particular hardware.
I've heard it plenty from Mac people (all along telling me how infinitely superior to Windows it is, then once Mac OS X comes out, all they have to say is that 9 was an unstable bag of shit but OS X is really it) and Linux people as well, as we went from 2.0 to 2.2 to 2.4 kernels.
Among the highlights for Avidemux 2.5.6 is restoring AC3 and MP2 encoding support, handling of the latest x264 core code, better compatibility with some FLV Flash files, updated FFmpeg against version 0.9, drag-and-drop improvements, and various Windows and Mac OS X specific work.
This is because one of my absolute least-favorite aspects of Windows (and, since OS X 10.5, Mac OS as well) is the multitude of stray registry pieces every installed program seems to need and its insistence on installing everything into a privileged directory ("C:\Program Files").
Although Intel acknowledged that all of its SSDs will suffer from reduced performance because of significant fragmentation, the type of write levels needed to reproduce PC Perspective's results aren't likely for everyday users, whether they're running Windows and Apple's Mac OS X.
Also, it's moot for me as I'm not running Windows right now; I don't think similar functionality exists on OS X. Linux might be better, but unfortunately it's not an option as I then couldn't run OS X, at least not without dual-booting, and I've become too used to VMs to do that.]
Along with this, the memory arena code was changed to make use of malloc_usable_size() (aka malloc_size on OS X and msize on Windows) to better utilise available memory, and glibc has at least one scenario where it implements this function incorrectly ([sourceware.org/bugzilla/show
But that aside, Windows 10 is still easier to navigate than Mac OS X and Windows 8, has better access to files than in Android, and is faster, more flexible and more capable than Windows XP and the Home and Enterprise editions of Windows 7. Overall, it's the best OS I've ever used.
We've got a motley bunch of Linux, OS X, and Windows systems, and can only control what's on our side of the connection: interviewees may have anything from a low-end laptop with a built-in webcam to elaborate conferencing tools - which means the more universal the tools, the better.
ago where a user was editing photos on a computer using Canon software which clearly was running Windows blinds instead of realVista (and to make things worse the Canon software adapted the Mac OS X gui!) Though this coming from the motherland itself it is a duvious submission indeed.
Windows Vista also introduces a totally new look and interface, which many say looks a lot like Apple's Mac OS X. Microsoft also sped up finding files and information in Vista by introducing a totally new search application, which can find your files faster and better than Windows XP.
EZplayer pro is a VST, AU and RTAS plug in for Mac OS X and Windows with extended Map Wrapping capabilities between major drum sampler formats in the market - FXpansion's BFD 1&2 , Digidesign's Strike , Native Instruments' Battery , EZdrummer and Superior Drummer in addition to others.
Version 1.0.1.634 of PhotoRescue , the powerful photo recovery application for Windows and Mac OS X, includes improved recovery routines, better thumbnail generation with some file formats and support for multiple languages (follow the free update here link to request the new version).
As elegant as many seem to think OS X is, on a tablet system it would be no better than Windows is, partly because the OS wasn't designed for tablet use, but primarily because OS X applications, like Windows applications, are designed to be driven by a keyboard and cursor, not a finger.
This'd help a lot with windows machine that currently need a cd rom to get the two things co-operating, while OS X and Linux are more conveniant in that they have the drivers built in, OS X moreso because they employ people to write the drivers that hardware companies should but aren't.
[Actually, I recommend suggesting to people that if they can't handle Linux, that they switch to OS X - since it's superior to Windows and will probably be as easy (perhaps easier) for such people to use as Windows would; and it would tend to help weaken, not strengthen, MS's monopoly.]
Of course Mac OS X and Linux don't have any known viruses and worms right now because the lack of market share... Hackers tend to target Windows because they can spread the virus/worm/trojan more effectively and to more computers other than Mac OS X or Linux which have low market share.
2. I Became Lazy I don't want to say that I made the permanent switch to OS X from Windows because I got tired of stopping and starting my PC when I wanted to watch a movie or sync my iPod/ iPhone; but stopping what I was doing and trying to quickly swap over was becoming a bit of a pain.
This entire concept of free software has birthed thousands upon thousands of programs that are as good if not better than the commercial alternatives, not to mention the free operating system Linux which is arguably a better choice than the commercial alternatives of Windows and Apple OS X.
If you want to run Windows Vista, VMware Fusion provides noticeably better performance than Parallels Desktop on all tasks involving raw processing, whereas Parallels Desktop offers significantly better integration with Mac OS X (and thus real-world performance) for all cross-platform tasks.
Since 2002, Blender has been released under the GPL open source licence and is available for Windows, Mac OS X (Intel and PowerPC) and Linux, including the respective 64-bit versions - although Windows users currently still need to self-compile because the installers have yet to be completed.
In terms of raw numbers of vulnerabilities, Windows XP (we don't have any data yet on Vista) and OS X are about the same; the comparison is made a little difficult because Apple, which like Microsoft (MSFT) releases a monthly bundle of security patches, is less specific about what it is fixing.
The U3 applications proved exceptionally useful, because they enabled us to fire up our favorite services--with their settings intact--whenever we popped the Ultra Backup into a Windows XP or Vista system (the drive acts only as a storage device within the Linux and Mac OS X operating systems).
Yup bootcamp is okay, especially if one is going to run a lot of Windows applications ... I use something called crossover because it doesn't require partitioning for a second OS, it runs Windows programs as if they were on OS X, and it is perfect for the very rare occasion I must use Windows OS.
Why o why does the BBC support iOS, android and even xbox, but not windows 8?  Surely it's unfair bias, or because all BBC execs are pedos who use one of the two most popular mobile OS?  Well perhaps it's because they do support windows 8, and in the same way they support OS X...with the browser.
Resize Window mode works similarly to Move Window mode, except that instead of moving the window, the window is resized in the direction(s) you move the mouse (Note that because Mac OS X windows can only grow or shrink by the right or bottom edges, it's those edges that are resized using this mode.)
And, even if it's "close enough" to the current intel AMD offerings..it might be just enough for some of those windows users with older machines...teterring on the edge of whether or not to get a mac..because they find OS X interesting..or want to run apps only available for it but find them pricey.
So will I add this free Windows capability to my Mac Book Pro? No, because I no longer use anything that needs Windows as, over the years, Apple has done such a great job convincing most main software companies to successfully write their products for the OS X to take advantage of its cool features.
Additionally, because most web applications are designed to be browser-agnostic, interactions and appearance cannot be simulated to match all operating systems; for example, tabs in the Macintosh OS X Aqua interface are visually quite different than the tabs in the Windows Vista interface (Figure 1.6).
Mac OS X --------------- Pros: Lack of virii, easy remote administration, friendly interface, Office suite, flexibility, able to network easily with other Macs and (slightly more difficultly) with Windows or Linux/Unix Cons: Some people won't touch a Mac because they're predisposed into thinking it sucks.
That's because while Dell can slightly undercut comparable XServe hardware costs from Apple before adding Windows Server, Microsoft's software licensing dramatically balloons the costs businesses face to deliver the same features Mac OS X Server can, which Apple bundles on its Mac servers at no extra cost."
A favorite among broadcast motion graphic artists because of the excellent interaction with After Effects and Apple Motion, CINEMA 4D is a top-level professional application that is solidly built and works just as effectively on a Mac as on a PC (both Windows 7 and Mac OS X Snow Leopard are fully supported).
Although with Anand finding that a MacBook Pro gets 78% better battery life in OS X than Windows 7, and a 17" MacBook Pro having a 95Wh battery compared to your 55Wh battery, if you get 90 minutes with the i7-720QM, Apple could get around 4.6hrs in OS X on a 17" MacBook Pro with that processor which is okay.
I choose Mac OS X over Windows because I prefer the way things are done in Mac OS X; drag and drop installation, free development tools, the way the GUI is designed etc. Microsoft has designed Windows to do things in a certain way and I'm not interested in running an operating system that operates in that way.
Within this article I will attempt to evaluate Windows XP, Linux, OS X, and FreeBSD in comparison to each other and attempt to answer some basic questions such as, "Which operating system is better designed for the novice user" or "Which one is the most secure" (a key concern in our virus infested cyber world).
With Android available for those manufacturers and users who prefer a more-open platform, and OS X and iOS available to those who prefer the security of a walled garden, what exactly is the crying consumer need that Windows 8 will satisfy better than Android, iOS, or OS X, other than its ability to run legacy apps?
Aside from having a nice interface whose speed doesn't bother me at all because I've got a nice computer, I also like the remote Swing and HTML interfaces, built-in tracker (with SSL), auto-speed plugins, advanced seeding rules, and the fact that the interface works the same way on my Windows, Linux, and OS X boxes.
This latest gadget from Belkin will in our opinion definitely make Macs even more attractive compared to Windows PCs because the Switch-to-Mac cable makes your file transferring process from Windows to Mac OS X as simple as... well just sitting there without doing anything, because it automatically does it all for you!
I've never really considered going Mac because they're just so friggin' expensive, not to mention I'm used to Windows, but with all the changes they put into Vista to make it look more like OS X I'm not as familiar with it as I was, and with all these crashes god forbid I try to do something important on this computer!
Last week, I concluded that Apple Computer Inc. 's Macintosh OS X provided safer computing than Microsoft Corp.'s Windows operating systems -- in part because its small market share offers Internet villains too little opportunity to spread mayhem and partly because OS X ships with all of its vulnerable services turned off.
I have all of the major browsers on my Windows and OS X systems; mainly to test webpages etc but also to see if any suit my working needs, as of today none suit my work style better than FireFox nor do they match its flexibility, although both Google Chrome and Opera are getting to be more extensible, which is nice to see.
"New York Times" columnist and "Missing Manuals" creator David Pogue gets you past three challenges: transferring your stuff, assembling Mac programs so you can do what you did with Windows, and learning your way around Mac OS X. Learning to use a Mac is not a piece of cake, but once you do, the rewards are oh-so-much better.
The update mechanism on any modern Linux distro (I don't know about OS X, sorry) is vastly superior than the one on Windows; it takes care not only of the OS and ancillary systems, but also all applications that have been installed via the certified repositories (or whatever your particular brand on Linux happens to call them).
Its clear that you aren't too familiar with OS X given that multitasking, sharing assets between applications, and working with multiple virtual desktops are the UI strengths of OS X. Superior multitasking and window/workspace management are the main reasons I use OS X as my main work environment and use Windows only for games.
The nice thing about Cinch is that it resizes windows better than the built-in minimize and maximize buttons in OS X. Depending on the app you're using, clicking the "maximize" button will only expand the window to a pre-determined size, and you still have to click and drag the corner of the window to take up the entire screen.
Firefox has the benefit of running on multiple systems (Enabling "HiDPI" support on OS X was what lead to the Windows version gaining it) and because they use their web engine to render the UI (Which uses CSS pixels for everything, so they had resolution independence from the start because CSS pixels are defined to be virtual).
That and when the reviewers were unable to realize they were comparing Macintosh computers to personal computers instead of being an actual, true, Mac OS X versus Windows Vista comparison, because last time I seen, Microsoft hasn't received any Core Duo or Core 2 Duos from Intel for personal computers that they manufacture and sell.
I LOVED IBM's OS/2 (ever better than I like Mac OS X now - Windows is a distant 20th or thereabouts) but with so much of the focus by developers on making sure that their Windows programs worked on both Windows and OS/2, as well as IBM making sure that was true too, most developers didn't see a reason to make an OS/2 native version.
Comply or Explain!"It seems like a major supplier of education software in the Netherlands has written essential software in Silverlight that all students must use, claiming "...Magister is truly multiplatform because Silverlight is available for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux" despite it more or less being non-functional with Moonlight.
Having purchased a Transcend V15 16GB USB stick for a router-on-a-stick project, I was horrified to find out that it came preinstalled with some proprietary Antivirus software which only works under Windows, to make matters worse, the USB stick reports itself as read-only when plugged in under OS X or Linux, you can't wipe it or even use it.
I really just want to share some of my ideas for better usability, ignoring the windows and os X you can create some features from that app-louncher that no one has:D I am sure that decent number of people will like it, as we can see from customizing the linux desktop all over the web.. just suggesting the one default out of the box, cheers.
Notably Faster In initial benchmark testing of a "better" 15-inch, with 4GB of memory and a 750GB hard drive partitioned for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows, I found an almost 50 percent performance improvement in graphics-heavy applications for the better of the 15-inch models, compared to the result of similar testing I performed last year.
I went with Magic Bullet Denoiser because I needed something that would be cross-platform (I go between an OS X machine and a Windows machine, depending on the project's needs), and I'd have to purchase multiple copies of Neat Video to do that... even more if I wanted it in Premiere AND After Effects , which Denoiser also does for that one purchase.
They will have to let go of that idea first, and open their eyes, before they can possibly understand reality, or what this article is trying to say (and what it is not: it does not say that Windows is more secure, merely that you can point out a number of security-related areas where Microsoft has done a better job than OS X in one way or another).
hello, i'm new here and new to the "Installation of Mac OS X to PC thing", but i'm a programmer and a bit computer technician, so i guess i could easily tag a long with this. the reason i needed to install mac is because i need to test the websites i made on both windows and mac for compatibility issues, and also the challenge of making it run on PC..
If you're a Mac user that requires the usage of Internet Explorer under Mac OS X, you'll find your choices are generally as follows: run IE on top of Mac OS X with Wine which can be slow and buggy, dual boot Windows and Mac OS X which is a nuisance because it requites rebooting, or use virtualization with something like Parallels, VMWare, or VirtualBox.
a Restart button Both updates have been installed and both updates now require a restart But look at what happens when you click on the Restart button in one of the two windows When you click on the Restart button Mac OS X s Installer initiates the restarting process but then immediately finds that it is unable to complete it because there is another open
As a security incident responder, I can tell you that UNIX, Linux, Windows, of course, and yes, even (though less frequently) Mac OS X systems are compromised and have to be reinstalled all the time--not always because of remotely exploitable vulnerabilities, but usually because users are equally stupid no matter what kind of box you put in front of them.
I mean I like the gestures as well but personally, I kind of like switching back and forth between the operating system because the re are  certain things I do in Windows and I have find that I'm much more productive there than I am on the OS X side and then same thing with OS X or certain things I do over there which I feel like I do a lot better over there.
When a job last year required me to work on Windows 7 aihcmnes I was dreading it but after getting used to the differences I found it to be every bit as good as OS X and in some aspects better (I find task bar is cleaner and easier than the dock, and dual monitor work with a Cintiq is much much easier than on a Mac in fact in some ways it's got worse with Lion.
This demonstration will make more sense using a color-managed Web browsers like SAFARI 6 for Mac OS-X , newer versions of Firefox for Windows 8 7 Vista XP and OSX will also work, including Microsoft Internet Explorer IE 9 IE10, but Safari is my favorite color-managed teaching browser because it seems to work for everyone with no special configuration or settings.
No matter how appealing the Zenboox UX35 with Windows 10 may appear, it cannot be reasonably or technically compared to similar Apple (OS) products precisely because of the Windows 10 OS weaknesses, that has no performance, feature and especially security capabilities that are equivalent in direct comparison to OS X/iOS or even Uuntu Linux and other Linux based OS..
Every so often, some of our academic colleagues wax lyrical about OS X apps and their rich functionality and/or ease of use for areas of content creation in which we're interested - podcasting, audio/video/image editing and upload, recording, etc. It'll be interesting to see whether Macs offer better or easier solutions than Windows for some kinds of content creation.
OS smugness is only achievable if you are either ignorant of the OSes or willfully ignore flaws out of some sense of loyalty (for the record, I ripped into OS X and Linux because they were the evidence of smuggness, but I have volumes of critisism for the various versions of Windows as well, starting with the "all programs" menu in vista which I detest without boundry).
Macs and OS X benefit from lots of strengths that are/were weaknesses on Windows desktop machines (easy system maintenance, easy backup/restore, coherent and gorgeous interface across apps, applecare, generally superior build quality, lack of malware, great looking hardware) plus ipod/iphone halo effect and switch to Intel so people can run Windows on Macs since 2006ish.
Let me guess : That system had been "top of the line" about four or five years ago, still runs under Classic MacOS (not OS X) in order to not upgrade some specific applications and one of those applications crashes when it has to read Windows-generated EPS files (which are notoriously problematic - publishing houses use Macs exactly because of that, among other reasons).
I too have been told that most developers work on Firefox using a MacBook but all evidence shows that they must be running Windows on this MacBooks because bugs specific to Mac OS X aren't being fixed - heck, I've just been following Firefox development and I see the Windows receive the first class hardware acceleration treatment but nothing on the Mac side of the equation.
Whether you like it or not, Apple's answer to the streaming music question is important just because it's coming from the market leader - while OS X is a distant second to Windows and iOS is slowly losing general market share to Android, Apple and iTunes are unquestionably dominant in the digital music market, and their system is sure to get a lot of attention from consumers.
This means that unlike with Microsoft and Mac OS X systems, you will not need to buy a new scanner, because you can't find a driver for Windows 7 or the "Snow Leopard", but quite the contrary the driver usually gets better and better and you often have no problems whatsoever with using a 10 years or older scanner, printer, sound card, TV card, etc with the newest Windows version.
Access to LAN drives (H: and I:) Connecting to your LAN file space (commonly known as "your H: drive" because access is provided on Windows PCs using those drive letters mappings) can be accomplished in Mac OS X through the Finder "Go" menu, "Connect to Server" and type one of the following (based on your alphabetic assignment of your user id, replacing the sample id below with yours):
Maybe because I am more focused on a few apps since I prefer that, multitasking tends to become unproductive for me but to each their own I guess, but yeah I agree with you - I have to use both a Mac and Windows, and despite liking OS X a bit more, the hardware doesn't match with building your own computer and running Windows which is by far a much cost effective and cheaper alternative.
If you click continue, the standar installation will be performed, which includes OS X with BSD subsystem, the iLife programs, iLife, iSync, tons of printer drivers for Epson, HP, Lexmark and canon, and also the localization files, because unlike Windows, OS X comes as international, and if you install all the localization languages (which is default) you can switch the OS's language at any time.
My point in price comparison, is that if you build your own system, you can get the same hardware for cheaper, without having to fork out the cash in most cases... Does OS X Look better?... that's a ridiculous thing to really dig into, since you can basically make them identical or customize either one.... Windows has better support for 64-bit systems, but OS X is playing good on that field too lately...
Hey guys , this articel don't help at all , it work just fine if u already have older version of MAC OS X ....... say Tiger 10.4 or if u have Linux but as a windows OS user it wont work , because there is no way to apply the patch , why ?? because the command " ./9a581PostPatch.sh " can be executed only from Mac terminal or a Linux terminal but cant be done using windows CMD, so whats the use of all this ??
As an alternative to FaceTime for Mac, users can opt to use Yahoo Messenger, which now includes cross-platform video conferencing capabilities between the iPhone 4 and any other platform that supports the Yahoo Messenger video protocol, including Mac OS X, Windows, Linux, among other popular operating platforms, however, some would argue FaceTime is superior as it is simpler and offers superior video quality.
Yes, it can be a bit jarring moving between the 'Metro' interface to the traditional desktop but in terms of the desktop theme it is a lot better than the gaudy Windows Vista and the marginally improved Windows 7 appearance but that doesn't take away from the fact that the icons are out of place, the inconsistent usage of different GUI elements from various generations of libraries give a rough experience when compared to using Mac OS X.
I'm personally anti-Apple but I don't go out telling people not to buy its products because I think they're overpriced, I just won't buy it, but still I cared about compatibility with Mac OS X when I developed a Sudoku game in Java last semester as of a final project so that a friend of mine with a Mac could use it and work as well as intended in Windows (the look and feel, file managment for Excel files, saving the progress in files, etc.).
Open MS Office documents on Windows 7 guest VM in OS X host using Office for Mac @user329174, presumably the Guest's files are also stored on the Host filesystem (inside the VM package), so having them on the native filesystem (rather than on a virtual filesystem built on top of the native file system) where the Mac applications have 100% complete and ordinary capabilities (e.g. in Mountain Lion the ability to keep versions of files) is better on many levels.
- 'As ever, the Dock is a usability nightmare' - 'Its added a useful if limited new feature called Stacks to the Dock to close the gap with the superior and more logical Windows Start Menu' - 'Apple's lackluster Safari Web browser ' - 'It's not like OS X, which has had no real world viruses or malware attacks over the year, has gotten any more secure in a realistic sense.' - 'shipping such an inconsequential upgrade in the wake of Hurricane Vista was a mistake'
So first off Ubuntu is free and open-source which means if you're stuck and need help or are completely new to the OS you can find loads of resources to help you get somewhere with this sometimes temperamental OS. (NB: for those not in the know OS stands for Operating System and enables the computer to be useful) Now as I said earlier it is NOT Windows, as a result you can expect some real compatibility problem even worse than with Mac OS X but no fear help is at hand.
The next Windows OS that will succeed XP as the most powerful, innovative and secure OS Microsoft have ever released... or in non-bullshit terms, powerful because it will require astronomical hardware requirements for all the extra bloat, by innovative they assume that you have never heard of this thing called Mac OS X which they have shamelessly ripped off and by secure they mean for the first nanosecond it is released before it is picked apart by hackers and crackers.
I personally would probably use a Mac except for 2 problems: 1) It does not run on x86/AMD64 computers, Apple could probably gain a lot more market share if they would just wakeup 2) It has no ability to run Windows games, which is made even worse by the fact that OS X only runs on PPC since there is absolutely no way to run them without emulating an entire x86 computer using Virtual PC or whatever which makes me think "why not just get the damn windows computer to begin with?"
Hardware encryption: the best in personal security to keep your data safe Superior password protection: user sets a password to prevent unauthorized access Easy to use: no application installation required Versatile: works interchangeably between Mac OS X and Windows systems Secure: drive locks down and reformats after 10 invalid login attempts Stylish: durable metal casing with built-in key loop Co-Logo Program available: customize DataTraveler Locker+ G3 by adding your logo and/or digital files and instantly increase your organization's brand recognition.
