25) Joe Carter - Better than the Baylor/Smith/Johnson trifecta, but still not top 15 material.
A flier because they were 5-11 last year and play in the same division as the Indianapolis Colts, Tennessee Titans and the better-than-you-think Houston Texans .
A Bird In The Hand Is Worth Two In The Bush: Having something that is certain is much better than taking a risk for more, because chances are you might lose everything.
Actually it also made me think of TROY -- this movie is better than Troy, although frankly I'd rather see TROY again, if just for the pretty pretty men - because of that whole mostly-male obsession with seeing your name get written down into history, sung about, glory, yadda yadda.
550 home runs is very rare, in fact only one person hit 550 for quite a long time and to turn Cobb who specialized in so many other things into being better than Foxx, Williams, Musial or Gehrig perhaps, well, I think we are a little polluted by the home run numbers from '94-'2004 or so.
1 - Big Blue Kitten, by Kitten's Joy Eclipse winner is back for yet another go 2 - The Pizza Man, by English Channel He's obviously better than he showed at GP 3 - Slumber, by Cacique Another old pro who looks like he'll be back 4 - Ironicus, by Distorted Humor Eager for this miler's return from injury
1) Warner 2) Watson 3) Hughes/ Cowan / S. Marsh 4) Clarke (c) 5) D. Hussey(I always wonder how come this guy didn't make it to test team with all his talent) 6) Haddin (Yes play him as a specialist batsman, He is way better than likes of Smith, Henriques and Maxwell) 7) Wade (wk) 8) Siddle 9) Starc 10) Pattinson 11) Lyon
1.Arizona Cardinals 2. The Mets(hey a september colapse is better then one in may) 3. Republicans (their idiot mistake was only in power for 8 years and nutting has been around since 96) 4. The Heavens Gate Cult 5.Enron stock holders (it went well for a little while, more then the pirates can say) 6.Even the Detroit Lions
1. MERPS, the source books are great but the rules are rolemaster light and humans can be wizards 2. Deciphers much better than MERPS, actually seams alot like an expanded version of MERPS Quest (a much lighter MERPS game to hook kids) while humans can still be wizards the magic system is much more like tolkiens works than MERPS.
According to Drake, the software easily determines appropriate sample sizes for test panels to ensure results can be read with confidence; gauges the reliability of a test estimate by placing bounds around the test response rate; and determines if one test panel is significantly better than another with a certain level of confidence.
Above all, whether we do it through our own website or not, we should GET SOME VIRAL VIDEOS OUT THERE that will play and play on YouTube and other sites, that the general public will actually want to watch and to watch again and to share with their friends - and generally use the new media rather better than we have as a Guild so far.
1. "The Natural" (1984) -- No movie mythologizes baseball better than Barry Levinson's well-crafted fairy tale about destiny-annointed, highly moral ballplayer Roy Hobbs (Robert Redford) whose story combines a superhero tale with Arthurian legend and, yes, even Homer's "The Odyssey," all set to Randy Newman's appropriately heroic score.
Accompaniments include meaty, crisp sweet potato fries ($4.95), or buttery roasted garlic mashed potatoes ($4.95), both better than either the overcooked baked stuffed potato ($4) delivered to our table, tasteless skillet potatoes ($5.25), or heavily breaded onion rings ($4.95), that we sent back because they arrived practically charred.
26 176 While musing thus with contemplation fed, 177 And thousand fancies buzzing in my brain, 178 The sweet-tongu'd Philomel percht o're my head 179 And chanted forth a most melodious strain 180 Which rapt me so with wonder and delight 181 I judg's my hearing better than my sight 182 And wisht me wings with her a while to take my flight.
1 cup vital wheat gluten 2 teaspoons smoked Spanish paprika 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast 2 teaspoons onion powder 1 teaspoon garlic powder 3/4 cup water 2 tablespoons tahini or other nut butter 1 tsp Better than Bouillon Vegetarian Beef Base (optional) 1 teaspoon Liquid Smoke 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1 cup of your favorite barbecue sauce
A decent team can find itself dragged down by a spate of terrible misfortune; the '04 Tigers were certainly not a great team, but they were a far sight better than the '03 Tigers while sharing many of the same players (and the '02 Tigers were a very bad team but still 12 wins above the '03 team, again with many of the same players in common).
A few weeks ago, I introduuced Matisse to MuuMuse, the up-and-coming dance floor vixen (and former member of sister act Brit & Alex) responsible for the summer smash, "Better Than Her." (LISTEN) The singer is currently busy cooking up the contents of her debut album due out in Spring 2011, which is expected to include ... Read the full article
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6.8 Assassin 30/Bard, Sorcerer, or Wizard 3/Pale Master 7 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Wizard class suits this build better than either Bard or Sorcerer - the INT bonus doubles as a booster for the Death Attack.
Ad Boc - Her ID number - Pop supraliminal (Crimson Spiral) Jumprope - Kites are fun - Holiday in Brazil (Mushroom Pillow) Miranda Warning - Better than words - Twelve speed pop blender (Presto!) Allo Darlin' - My heart is a drummer - Allo Darlin' (Fortuna POP!) Trashcan Sinatras - I've seen everything - Brel - Acoustic performances from Glasgow (Lo-Five)
1. jason again he has the best confident sonic voice 2 ryan he was a close very close second has the friendly voice of sonic 3. roger he was decent but no ryan or jason though sega picked so u cant blame him 4. jaleel he was not so good 5. samuel vincent he sings noone sould pick him 6. martin sams is even better than this crap martins is the worse by far
5. James Brown G/T Troy - Quick footed, long armed, athletic but raw OT from troy who some think is better suited at G as a pro, which should intrigue Reese because he'll be able to stick em at T in a pinch, because of the exp and solid arm length and quick feet.. kinda a developmental guy, but i think he'd be worth the wait, as he has quite a few tools...
A chance to see the play, (different from the movie version), and a chance to see something better than fat people losing weight (Biggest Loser), loser people trying to mate (The Bachelor, or worse, Bachelorette), people who are neither Stars, nor Dancing, on Dancing with the Stars (and those that excel are not live but edited before airing, and on and on.)
1)Gilchrist 2)Hayden 3)Ponting 4)Dean Jones 5)Steve Waugh 6)Andrew Symonds 7)Simon Odonnell (better than watson in ODI a better hitter late in innings and just as good a bowler maybe watoo a touch better bowler but not much in it O'donnell like steve waugh great slower ball) 8)Brett Lee 9) Shane Warne 10)Dennis Lillee 11) Glen Mcgrath 12th man) Micheal Bevan
1 pound whole wheat fettuccine 1 1/2 cups frozen sweet yellow corn, thawed 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can coconut milk 2 teaspoon onion powder 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt 1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes 1 tablespoon vegan butter (I use Earth Balance) 1/4 medium onion, sliced 4 ounces vegan cream cheese (I use Tofutti Better Than Cream Cheese) 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, optional
After all we've been through, given the fact that nothing- nothing -of significance is better than it was, and given the sweeping, unchecked power of the Republican party to create this mess, it is absolutely fascinating to witness the inability of everyday Republicans to grasp that their leaders have betrayed them (and every American) and done so in an overt fashion.
22. Ebay Vs Yahoo Not as wide wiiide scope no yes Charge of posting none yes insurance Better than eBay Not as efficient response Less likely More likely Chances of buy/sell To buyer and seller when item is sold Up to 5% of closing price commission No charge to any buyers or sellers Based on the reserve price of the item Fee 14 days 1O days Max duration Yahoo Ebay content
"A bookish librarian encounters danger and intrigue when he sets out in search of a lost Renaissance masterpiece rumored to possess strange powers...While the post- Da Vinci Code  bookstore and/or library is bursting with novels about ancient secrets imbedded in renaissance art, this book is a few notches better than most, thanks to its crisp prose and drum-tight plotting.
#48 Jimmie Johnson (last years champ) #99 Carl Edwards (will teach the stars back-flip techniques) #12 Ryan Newman (not making much noise this year) #9 Kasey Kahne (making noise, but the noise has been him hitting the wall) #2 Kurt Busch (his brother is better) #26 Jamie McMurray (last year vowed to not buy his tools at Home Depot after Tony Stewart crashed him out of a race)
01.ONE WAY feat.McGucci - I Need You 02.Jennifer Lopez feat.Pitbull - Dance Again 03.Jessie J feat.David Guetta - Laserlight (Extended Mix) 04.Inna - July 05.Madonna - Love Spent 06.Groove Coverage - Dangerous 07.Adam Lambert - Better Than I Know Myself (Dave Aude Dubstep Remix) 08.Havana Brown feat.Pitbull - We Run The Night 09.Chris Parker - Rock'n'Roll Revolution 10.M.iam.i
1. it contains one of my favorite reggae riddims of all time (I am far from home so I can't give you the title right now - if I remember correctly it's the last track on the C-side - to my ears the instrumental sounds better than the vox mix) 2. I rather listen to the "Spider's Web" than to "The General" because I just love to hear these instrumentals without any vocals at all.
About Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon Taking place in the fictional city of New Detroit, the giant insects and aliens are back in Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon and the soldiers are equipped better than ever in the latest cult classic iteration that follows in the footsteps of Earth Defense Force 2017 (Japanese Title "Earth Defense Force 3" developed by Sandlot).
Acts of desperation BB10 is even doing better than the so called wp, Microsoft is busy advertising Nokia whatever's hardware with it has nothing to do with MS' wp, what if the share holder kick elop out which is just a matter of time and then Nokia comes to its senses and adopts Android and also release and Android phone with better camera than the so called luniatic sorry lumnia.
51: Turn Up The Music, Chris Brown 52: Banjo, Rascal Flatts 53: Loud, Mac Miller 54: Talk That Talk, Rihanna Featuring Jay-Z 55: Ayy Ladies, Travis Porter Featuring Tyga 56: Feel Like A Rock Star, Kenny Chesney & Tim McGraw 57: Everybody Talks, Neon Trees 58: Stay Schemin, Rick Ross Featuring Drake & French Montana 59: Alone With You, Jake Owen 60: Better Than I Used To Be, Tim McGraw
Actual melee combat comes with certain rules that is better not to ignore like getting your opponents to work to surround you since they will want to surround you anyway, dont let yourself drop on the ground because it means immediate crippling or death... Games that thought players as actors took up those rules as a framework to anchor their gameplay and in this regard, Ryse makes a poor job.
After about an inch of cabbage ribbons went in, Grandma would sprinkle the kosher salt over it all, in a proportion that her hands knew better than her head, and Mom or Uncle John would take up the "tamper"-a huge turned flat bottomed cudgel made of oak, once again by Grandpa-and beat the cabbage down, smashing it and releasing the juices, packing it tightly into the crock, forcing out the air.
Adam James has got a big wooden spoon out, stuck it into a bubbling pot of claret and blue ire, and stirred: "What a lot of Villa fans such as George Templeton don't understand is that most Liverpool fans a) have the utmost respect for Villa and always have done even though truthfully they aren't in the Champions League and b) didn't really want Liverpool to sign Barry because Alonso is better.
3. Dad during the tail-end of Sunday's Pats-Jets game, after watching an inept Chad Pennington fire bounce passes all over the Meadowlands, then hearing Dan Dierdorf call Pennington New York's QB of the future: "I wish the future started right now." EIGHT THINGS YOU LEARN WHEN YOU HAVE DIRECTV AND YOU SPEND YOUR SUNDAYS WATCHING SIX GAMES AT ONCE ... 1. Deuce McAllister is much better than you think.
4. The spirit of wisdom answered (5) thus: 'On account of the deceit and violence of the fiend of greediness (6) men utter more words as to the manliness of every one whose wealth and power are more, and recount his deeds and actions more fully; (7) but, in the eyes of the angels and archangels, a poor man who is innocent and wise is better and more precious than a king or opulent man who is ignorant.'
5 stars from me...but the only crow I have to pick on you with is the names...here is just a few other suggestions.... CURIOUS GEORGE-- why steriods shouldn't be used on chimpanzees.....TENTACLES--the green lantern with roman hands and russian fingers....HUMPTY-DUMPTY--the guardians did put him back together again, better than he was before, better, stronger, faster... LONG DUCK DONG--what's happening, hotstuff?
9     After a couple of years where it felt like the benefit of the doubt was being extended on all sides, I have once again found myself a bit out of sync with the poetry scene this year, notwithstanding the intense pleasure and pride of having managed to get Better Than Language into the world, and actually sincerely liking very much all thirteen of the poets represented in that book (I mean them and their work !).
After his appearance on the show the first night, solemnly firing his trusted hypeman for being too blunted when they perform, ultimately not really worth the money, Slim Thug came back with an actual song-that is, it should be noted, better than a lot of music we hear-and video showing he's curbed his spendthrift ways (though they do have a nice closeup on his giant chain, now apparently a relic of woebegone times).
add and for my Parallel of Archi- tecture better than that of this Treatise Page 8z, line 16; after Warwickshire, add Mr. Asbmole's Garter, Page 83, line 16 ; to Custos is the following addition: Do- minicus Custos, and Wolfgangus Kilian, from the paintings of Wickgram and others, The effigies of the Duke of Bavaria, with the rest in his ^Atrium Heroicum for all the famous persons of that century, both of Europe and Asia.
Aaron Blake pointed out in the Washington Post that Romney ran ahead of most of the Republican Senate candidates: He did better than Connie Mack in Florida, George Allen in Virginia, Tommy Thompson in Wisconsin, Denny Rehberg in Montana, Jeff Flake in Arizona, Pete Hoekstra in Michigan, Deb Fischer in Nebraska, Rick Berg in North Dakota, Josh Mandel in Ohio, and of course Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard Mourdock in Indiana.
420 421 4. Conclusion 422 Neuroscience may well improve forensic science in the long run (Neufeld & Scheck, 2010) where it is better than the 423 available psychologic or psychiatric evidence, particularly in cases where legal questions directly pertain to neural 424 questions, such as whether a certain kind of brain damage occurred, for which neuroimaging methods have already been 425 used frequently in the past (Snead, 2007).
3 points: Eric Mack liked James Starks and Grant (good, so-so), disliked Ingram and Pierre Thomas (on the money), knew Ray Rice would light it up, missed on Mendenhall and Blount, hit on Best, thought the Chiefs backfield would be better than it was, overestimated Chris Johnson, undervalued Cedric Benson, wrongly joined the anti-Hightower chorus, hit a home run with Beanie Wells, and got it wrong with Jones and Knowshon Moreno.
AA Duncan1, ME Wheaton1, N Rogers2, O Kearins2 1Warwickshire, Solihull and Coventry Breast Screening Unit, Coventry, UK; 2West Midlands QA Reference Centre, Birmingham, UK Breast Cancer Research 2010, 12(Suppl 3):P41 (doi: 10.1186/bcr2694) Introduction During the changeover from analogue to digital screening in the UK, reassurance is needed to confi rm that the outcomes with digital are equal to or better than analogue screening.
about those born at "the dangerous intersection of poverty and race"); Tony Campolo reminding me again that our call is to a radical faith, and radical expression of it; Al Gore speaking on care for the earth - from a thoroughly Christian perspective (y'all it was SO freakin' good - even better than his film); and so many other compelling speakers and preachers (William Shaw, Charles Adams, Julie Pennington-Russell, Bill Clinton!).
A-awesome B-bubbilicous C-cool D-directioner E-england F-fabulous G-gorgeous H-harry I-incredible J-james (Niall James Horton) K-kool L-lost without each other M- More of 1D N-Niall O-One Direction (u have 2 love them P-popular Q-queen of england R- restless S-Simon Cowell T-Tomlinsin U-unmistakible V-Very cuuuuuuuute boy band W-What can be better than 1D X-X Factor Y-you are totally awesome Z-zayn One Direction is totally awesome.
1 cup chickpeas 2 tablespoons olive oil ½ cup vital wheat gluten ½ cup oatmeal, food-processed to breadcrumb consistency (or ½ c plain breadcrumbs) ¼ cup vegetable broth or water (I used Better than Bouillon) 2 tablespoons soy sauce 2 garlic cloves, pressed or grated ½ teaspoon lemon zest ½ teaspoon dried thyme ½ teaspoon paprika (I used hot, and it was great) ¼ teaspoon dried sage Olive oil or cooking spray for baking or pan-frying
[ 4 ] In reality, according to Kaletsky, China's GDP in 2005 was $2.3 trillion and in 2015 is $10.3 trillion, [ 4 ] [ 4 ] the renminbi stabilized in October, "capital flight" dwindled, and there are "better-than-expected reserve figures released by the People's Bank of China on October 7." [ 4 ] Kaletsky claims that suspect but powerful financial feedback perceptions are constantly "self-reinforced" but that they do not reflect economic reality.
AeroCube-4C is a 1U CubeSat (10 x 10 x 10 cm in dimension) that contains various "first of a kind" mission technologies including solar panel wings that close and open to tune the ballistic coefficient and enable efficient formation flying; three-axis attitude control to better than 3 degrees absolute accuracy; a 0.3-square-meter deployable deorbit device; sub-miniature reaction wheels; and a launch environment data logger that records ascent accelerations, pressure, and temperature.
Adjmi (Stunning, The Evildoers) combines wit, historical facts and razor-sharp characters to create a really insightful look into these historic characters - and at a time when mobs of poor, unkempt Occupy Wall Street protesters focusing on the nation's wealthy and screaming "I'm the 99 percent" makes us realize that we have more in common with Revolutionary France than we might have realized (and again, seeing the show on the night of an historic presidential election was a treat better than cake.)
1) Outsourcing development in countries such as India, China or Eastern Europe lowers the cost of developing a technology significantly; 2) The United States has lost leadership in certain key technology area: for instance, in the mobile industry, it is better to get an early traction in Asia and Europe as traditional players in the US won't move fast enough; 3) The Internet has enabled the creation of truly global companies: if we take the example of Jaspersoft, an open source business intelligence.
22. A plastic substrate selected from poly(alkyleneterephthlate) and polyolefins having the cured residue of the coating composition of claim 1 wherein the coated plastic has barrier properties to carbon dioxide and oxygen better than the uncoated plastic and the coating has at least one property selected from water resistance, moisture resistance, line lubricant resistance acid resistance, alkaline resistance, carbonated beverage resistance, acidic beverage resistance, and alcoholic beverage resistance for up to around 15 minutes at ambient conditions or ice water resistance for 2 to 24 hours.
